— We have decided to further extend the deadlines. The final paper deadline is May 07, 2020. Moreover, we are planning a journal special edition of FORMATS 2019 and 2020. —

4th Call for Papers
FORMATS 2020
September 1st-3rd
Vienna, Austria (virtual meeting)
co-located with CONCUR, FMICS, and QEST
https://formats-2020.cs.ru.nl/
Invited Speakers: Alessandro Abate, Roderick Bloem, Annabelle McIver

- Important dates (updated)
	•    Abstract submission: April 28, 2020 
	•    Paper submission: May 07, 2020
	•    Notification of acceptance: June 29, 2020
	•    Final version due: July 08, 2020
	•    Conference: September 1-3, 2019

- Objective
Timing aspects of systems from a variety of computer science domains have been treated independently by different communities. Researchers interested in semantics, verification, and performance analysis study models such as timed automata and timed Petri nets, the digital design community focuses on propagation and switching delays, while designers of embedded controllers have to take account of the time taken by controllers to compute their responses after sampling the environment. Timing-related questions in these separate disciplines do have their particularities. However, there is a growing awareness that there are basic problems that are common to all of them. In particular, all these sub-disciplines treat systems whose behaviour depends upon combinations of logical and temporal constraints; namely, constraints on the temporal distances between occurrences of events.

- Topics
The aim of FORMATS is to promote the study of fundamental and practical aspects of timed systems, and to bring together researchers from different disciplines that share interests in modelling and analysis of timed systems. This year again, FORMATS aims at being more inclusive with respect to applications, notably real-time systems and emerging directions such as data science. Typical topics include (but are not limited to):
	• Foundations and Semantics: Theoretical foundations of timed systems and languages; comparison between different models (timed automata, timed Petri nets, hybrid automata, timed process algebra, max-plus algebra, probabilistic models).
	• Methods and Tools: Techniques, algorithms, data structures, and software tools for analyzing timed systems and resolving temporal constraints (scheduling, worst-case execution time analysis,optimization, model checking, testing, constraint solving, etc.).
	• Applications: Adaptation and specialization of timing technology in application domains in which timing plays an important role (real-time software, hardware circuits, and problems of scheduling in manufacturing and telecommunication).

- Special Sessions
This year, FORMATS additionally encourages submissions in two particular topics.

Data-driven methods for timed systems (chaired by Guillermo Alberto Perez). 
We are interested in all kind of data-driven methods such as machine learning or automata learning that consider timing aspects. Examples are automata learning for timed automata or reinforcement learning with timing constraints.

Probabilistic and timed systems (chaired by Arnd Hartmanns). 
Real-time systems often encompass probabilistic or random behavior. We are interested in all approaches to model or analyze such systems, for instance through probabilistic timed automata, or stochastic timed Petri nets.

- Paper Submission
FORMATS 2020 solicits high-quality papers reporting research results and/or experience reports related to the topics mentioned above. Submitted papers must contain original, unpublished contributions, not submitted for publication elsewhere. The papers should be submitted electronically in PDF, following the Springer LNCS style guidelines. Regular papers should not exceed 15 pages in length (excluding references, that are therefore not limited), and short papers (for instance describing case studies, or implementations) are limited to 5 pages (again excluding references). Each paper will undergo a thorough review process. If necessary, the paper may be supplemented with a clearly marked appendix, which will be reviewed at the discretion of the program committee. Papers will be submitted electronically via the EasyChair online submission system:
https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=formats2020

- Publication and best paper award
The proceedings of FORMATS 2020 will be published by Springer in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series. The best paper of the conference will be awarded the Oded Maler Award in Timed Systems. We are planning a journal special edition of FORMATS 2019 and 2020.

For any questions, feel free to contact the co-chairs Nathalie Bertrand (nathalie.bertrand@inria.fr) and Nils Jansen (n.jansen@science.ru.nl)

Committees

- Program Chairs
Nathalie Bertrand (France)
Nils Jansen (The Netherlands)

- General Chair
Ezio Bartocci (Austria)

- Steering Committee
Rajeev Alur (USA)
Eugene Asarin (France)
Martin Fränzle (chair, Germany)
Thomas A. Henzinger (Austria)
Joost-Pieter Katoen (Germany)
Kim G. Larsen (Denmark)
Oded Maler (founding chair, France) (1957-2018)
Pavithra Prabhakar (USA)
Mariëlle Stoelinga (The Netherlands)
Wang Yi (Sweden)

- Program Committee
Mohamadreza Ahmadi (USA)
Nicolas Basset (France)
Anne Bouillard (France)
Patricia Bouyer-Decitre (France)
Milan Ceska (Czech Republic)
Aiswarya Cyriac (India)
Rayna Dimitrova (UK)
Uli Fahrenberg (France)
Gilles Geeraerts (Belgium)
Arnd Hartmanns (The Netherlands)
Frédéric Herbreteau (France)
Laura Humphrey (USA)
Sebastian Junges (USA)
Gethin Norman (UK)
Marco Paolieri (USA)
Guillermo Perez (Belgium)
Hasan Poonawala (USA)
Krishna S (India)
Ocan Sankur (France)
Ana Sokolova (Austria)
Jiri Srba (Denmark)
B Srivathsan (India)
Ufuk Topcu (USA)
Patrick Totzke (UK)
Jana Tumova (Sweden)
Frits W. Vaandrager (The Netherlands)
Masaki Waga (Japan)
Lijun Zhang (China)
