
STACS 2022 - Call for papers

The 39th International Symposium on Theoretical Aspects of Computer Science 
March 15—18, 2022, Marseille, France 

https://stacs2022.sciencesconf.org 


LIST OF TOPICS

Authors are invited to submit papers presenting original and unpublished
research on theoretical aspects of computer science. Typical areas
include (but are not limited to):

* algorithms and data structures,
  including: design of parallel, distributed, approximation,
  parameterised and randomised algorithms; analysis of algorithms and
  combinatorics of data structures; computational geometry, cryptography,
  algorithmic learning theory, algorithmic game theory;
* automata and formal languages,
  including: algebraic and categorical methods, coding theory;
* complexity and computability,
  including: computational and structural complexity theory,
  parameterized complexity, randomness in computation;
* logic in computer science,
  including: finite model theory, database theory, semantics,
  specification verification, rewriting and deduction;
* current challenges,
  for example: natural computing, quantum computing, mobile and net
  computing, computational social choice.


INVITED SPEAKERS

TBA


PROGRAM COMMITTEE

Akanksha Agrawal (Indian Institute of Technology Madras, India)
Eric Allender (Rutgers University, United States of America)
Nathalie Aubrun (Université Paris-Saclay, France)
Libor Barto (Charles University, Czech Republic)
Petra Berenbrink (University of Hamburg, Germany), co-chair
Hans Bodlaender (Uetrecht University, Netherlands)
Marthe Bonamy (Bordeaux University, France)
David Eppstein (University of California, Irvine, United States of America)
Thomas Erlebach (University of Leicester, United Kingdom)
John Fearnley (University of Liverpool, United Kingdom)
Yuval Filmus (Technion, Israel)
Eldar Fischer (Technion, Israel)
Martin Hoefer (University of Frankfurt, Germany)
Clemens Kupke (University of Strathclyde, United Kingdom)
Massimo Lauria (Sapienza University of Roma, Italy)
Karoliina Lehtinen (Aix-Marseille University, CNRS, France)
Nicole Megow (University of Bremen, Germany)
Marni Mishna (Simon Fraser University, Canada)
Benjamin Monmege (Aix-Marseille University, France), co-chair
Angelo Montanari (University of Udine, Italy)
Daniel Panario (Carleton University, Canada)
Sylvain Perifel (University of Paris, France)
Karin Quaas (University of Leipzig, Germany)
Heiko Röglin (University of Bonn, Germany)
Christian Scheideler (University of Paderborn, Germany) 
Melanie Schmidt (University of Bonn, Germany)
Jeffrey Shallit (University of Waterloo, Canada)
Frank Stephan (National University of Singapore, Singapore)
Yann Strozecki (Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines University, France)
Lee Troy (University of Technology Sydney, Australia)
Kristina Vušković (University of Leeds, United Kingdom)
Osamu Watanabe (Tokyo Institute of Technology, Japan) 


SUBMISSIONS

Authors are invited to submit an extended abstract or full paper with 
at most 12 pages (excluding the title page and the references section).
The title page consists of the title of the paper, author information,
and abstract. The submission page is open: 
https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=stacs2022 

The usage of pdflatex and the LIPIcs style file (see
http://www.dagstuhl.de/en/publications/lipics) are mandatory; no changes
to font size, page geometry, etc. are permitted. Submissions not in the
correct format or submitted after the deadline will not be considered.

The paper should contain a succinct statement of the issues and of their
motivation, a summary of the main results, and a brief explanation of
their significance, accessible to non-specialist readers.

Proofs omitted due to space constraints must be put into an appendix, to
be read by the program committee members at their discretion.

Simultaneous submission to other conferences with published proceedings
or to journals is not allowed. PC members are excluded from submitting.

STACS 2022 will employ a lightweight double-blind reviewing process, 
meaning that the identity of the authors will be kept secret from the 
PC members (apart from PC chairs) and external reviewers until the final 
decision is made. The purpose of the double-blind reviewing is to help 
PC members and external reviewers come to an initial judgment about the 
paper without bias, not to make it impossible for them to discover the 
authors if they were to try. In particular, the “lightweight” means that 
nothing should be done in the name of anonymity that weakens the 
submission or makes the job of reviewing the paper more difficult. In 
particular, important references should not be omitted or anonymised. In 
addition, authors should feel free to disseminate their ideas or draft 
versions of their paper as they normally would.

Submissions should not reveal the identity of the authors in any way. 
In particular, authors’ names, affiliations, and email addresses should 
not appear at the beginning or in the body of the submission. Authors 
should ensure that any references to their own related work is in the 
third person (e.g., not “We build on our previous work …” but rather 
“We build on the work of …”). Authors with further questions on 
double-blind reviewing are encouraged to contact the PC chairs.

Authors get the opportunity to declare conflicts of interest. 
Following ACM guidelines, there is a conflict of interest with
* a past or current student or academic advisor;
* a supervisor or employee within the past three years; 
* a member of the same lab or research group within the past three years;
* a co-author of a paper appearing in publication within the past three years;
* a member of the same family or anyone considered a close personal friend.

There will be a rebuttal period. Authors will receive the reviews of 
their submissions (via EasyChair) and have three days to submit 
rebuttals (via EasyChair). These rebuttals become part of the PC meeting, 
but entail no specific responses.

PROCEEDINGS

Accepted papers will be published in the proceedings of the symposium.
As usual, these proceedings will appear in the Leibniz International
Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs) series, based at Schloss Dagstuhl.
This guarantees perennial, free and easy electronic access, while the
authors retain the rights over their work. With their submission,
authors consent to sign a license authorising the program committee
chairs to organise the electronic publication of their paper, provided
the paper is accepted.


IMPORTANT DATES

* Deadline for submissions: October 1st, 2021 (23:59 AoE)
* Rebuttal: November 23–26, 2021
* Author notification: December 20, 2021
* Final version: January 17, 2022
* Conference: March 15–18, 2022

CONTACT INFORMATION

Web: https://stacs2022.sciencesconf.org 
Email: stacs2022@sciencesconf.org 

