STACS 2020 - Call for papers

The 37th International Symposium on Theoretical Aspects of Computer
Science March 10—13, 2020, Montpellier, France

https://stacs2020.sciencesconf.org

Authors are invited to submit papers presenting original and unpublished
research on theoretical aspects of computer science. Typical areas
include (but are not limited to):

* algorithms and data structures,
  including: design of parallel, distributed, approximation,
parameterized and randomized algorithms; analysis of algorithms and
combinatorics of data structures; computational geometry, cryptography,
algorithmic learning theory, algorithmic game theory;
* automata and formal languages,
  including: algebraic and categorical methods, coding theory;
* complexity and computability,
  including: computational and structural complexity theory,
parameterized complexity, randomness in computation;
* logic in computer science,
  including: finite model theory, database theory, semantics,
specification verification, rewriting and deduction;
* current challenges,
  for example: natural computing, quantum computing, mobile and net
computing, computational social choice.


INVITED SPEAKERS
Olivier Bournez, LIX, Palaiseau, France
Martin Grohe,RTWH Aachen University, Germany
Dana Randall, Georgia Institute of Technology, USA

PROGRAM COMMITTEE
Spyros Angelopoulos, CNRS, Sorbonne Université, Paris, France
V. Arvind, Institute of Mathematical Science, Chennai, India
Sayan Bhattacharya, University of Warwick, United Kingdom
Laurent Bienvenu, CNRS, Université de Bordeaux, France
Markus Bläser, Universität des Saarlandes, Saarbrücken, Germany, co-chair
Manuel Bodirsky, Technische Universität Dresden, Germany
Jop Briet, CWI, Amsterdam, Netherlands 
Wojciech Czerwinski, University of Warsaw, Poland
Holger Dell, IT University of Copenhagen, Denmark
Faith Ellen, University of Toronto, Canada
Petr Golovach, Bergen University, Norway
John Hitchcock, University of Wyoming, USA
Christian Ikenmeyer, Max Planck Institute, Saarbrücken, Germany
Shunsuke Inenaga, Kyushu University, Fukuoka, Japan
Christian Konrad, University of Bristol, United Kingdom
Kasper Green Larsen, Aarhus University, Denmark
Ranko Lazic, University of Warwick, United Kingdom
Meena Mahajan,  Institute of Mathematical Science, Chennai, India
Ulrich Meyer, Goethe University, Frankfurt am Main, Germany
Benjamin Monmège, Aix-Marseille Université, France
Christophe Paul, CNRS, Université de Montpellier, France, co-chair
Marcin Pilipczuk, University of Warsaw, Poland
Eva Rotenberg, Technical University of Denmark, Lingky, Denmark
Pierre Senellart, Ecole Normale Supérieure, Université Paris Sciences et Lettres, France
Till Tantau, Lübeck University, Germany
Lidia Tendera, Opole University, Poland
Corentin Travers, Université de Bordeaux, France
Alfredo Viola, Universidad de la Républica de Urugay, Urugay
Georg Zetzsche, Max Planck Institute, Saarbrücken, Germany
Thomas Zeume, Technische Universität Dortmund, Germany
Martin Ziegler, KAIST, Daejon, South Korea
Standa Zivny, University of Oxford, United Kingdom


TUTORIALS

There will be the tutorials (to be announced) taking place on March 10, 2020.


SUBMISSIONS

Submissions can be uploaded to EasyChair:
https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=stacs2020

Authors are invited to submit a draft of a full paper with at most 12
pages (excluding the title page and the references section).
The title page consists of the title of the paper, author information,
and abstract.

The usage of pdflatex and the LIPIcs style file (see
http://www.dagstuhl.de/en/publications/lipics) are mandatory; no changes
to font size, page geometry, etc. are permitted. Submissions not in the
correct format or submitted after the deadline will not be considered.

The paper should contain a succinct statement of the issues and of their
motivation, a summary of the main results, and a brief explanation of
their significance, accessible to non-specialist readers.

Proofs omitted due to space constraints must be put into an appendix, to
be read by the program committee members at their discretion.

Simultaneous submission to other conferences with published proceedings
or to journals is not allowed. PC members are excluded from submitting.

There will be a rebuttal period for authors between November 26—29,
2019. Authors will receive the reviews of their submissions (via
EasyChair) and have three days to submit rebuttals (via EasyChair).
These rebuttals become part of the PC meeting, but entail no specific
responses.

PROCEEDINGS

Accepted papers will be published in the proceedings of the symposium.
As usual, these proceedings will appear in the Leibniz International
Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs) series, based at Schloss Dagstuhl.
This guarantees perennial, free and easy electronic access, while the
authors retain the rights over their work. With their submission,
authors consent to sign a license authorizing the program committee
chairs to organize the electronic publication of their paper, provided
the paper is accepted.

IMPORTANT DATES

* Deadline for submissions: September 30, 2019 (AoE)
* Rebuttal: November 25–28, 2019
* Author notification: December 20, 2018
* Final version: January 17, 2020
* STACS 2020: March 10–13, 2020

CONTACT INFORMATION

Web: https://stacs2020.sciencesconf.org
Email: stacs2020@lirmm.fr
