***************** CALL FOR PAPERS *****************

GraMSec 2020: The Seventh International Workshop on Graphical Models for Security
Boston, MA, United States of America - June 22, 2020

http://gramsec.uni.lu
Co-located with CSF 2020

SCOPE

The use of graphical security models to represent and analyse the security of systems has gained an increasing research attention over the last two decades. Formal methods and computer security researchers, as well as security professionals from the industry and government, have proposed various graphical security models, metrics, and measurements. Graphical models are used to capture different security facets and address a range of challenges including security assessment, automated defence, secure services composition, security policy validation, and verification. The International Workshop on Graphical Models for Security is an established scientific event dedicated to study and exchange of experiences on graphical security and safety modelling.


TOPICS

This year, we encourage excellent submissions related, but not restricted, to the following broad headings:
1. Graph representations: mathematical, conceptual, and implemented tools for describing and reasoning about security and safety
2. Logical approaches: formal logical tools for representing and reasoning about graphs and their use as modelling tools in security
3. Machine learning: modelling and reasoning about the role of big data and machine learning in security operations
4. Networks in national security: terrorist networks, counter-terrorism networks; safety in national infrastructure (e.g., utilities and transportation)
5. Risk analysis and management: models and graphical methodologies for security and privacy risk management in business and organisational architectures
6. Social networks: using and reasoning about social graphs, network analysis, network protocols, social mapping, sociometry.
7. Semantics: developing or studying semantic approaches to graph-based models used in security like set theoretic models, categorical models, logical models, etc.
8. Threat modelling: modelling and analysing software systems security, models for DevSecOps, etc.
9. Security requirements: models and tools for describing and analysing requirements on system security and privacy.
10. Visual security: modelling and analytics for security visualisations.
11. Secure systems: safe and secure system design, quantification of security/safety, models for system security/safety evaluation.

We welcome a broad range of contributions: from theory to tools and experience reports. Preference will be given to papers likely to stimulate high-quality debate at the Workshop.

SUBMISSION GUIDELINES

We solicit two types of submissions:
- Regular papers (up to 18 pages, excluding the bibliography and well-marked appendices) describing original and unpublished work within the scope of the workshop.
- Short papers (up to 10 pages, excluding the bibliography and well-marked appendices) describing original and unpublished work in progress.

The reviewers are not required to read the appendices, so the papers should be intelligible without them. All submissions must be prepared using the LNCS style. Each paper will undergo a thorough review process. Submissions should be made using the GraMSec 2020 EasyChair website: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=gramsec2020.

PUBLICATION

As in previous editions, we plan for the post-proceedings to be made available in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series, published by Springer (acceptance pending). This will be published after the workshop, thus permitting the authors to incorporate feedback.

IMPORTANT DATES

We will have two rounds of submissions with different submission and notification deadlines.

First round submissions (priority in program and notifications):
- Submissions due: Friday, April 1, 2020
- Notifications: Friday, May 1, 2020

Second round submissions (after CSF notification):
- Submissions due: Friday, April 24, 2020
- Notifications: May 18, 2020

- Workshop: Monday, June 22, 2020
- Camera ready versions due: Friday, August 7, 2020

PROGRAM CHAIRS

Harley Eades III, Augusta University, United States of America
Olga Gadyatskaya, Leiden Institute of Advanced Computer Science,
Leiden University, The Netherlands


STEERING COMMITTEE

Sushil Jajodia, George Mason University, United States of America
Barbara Fila, INSA Rennes, IRISA, France
Sjouke Mauw, University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg
Christian W. Probst, Unitec, New Zealand
Ketil Stølen, SINTEF Digital and University of Oslo, Norway

PUBLICITY CHAIR

Barbara Fila, INSA Rennes, IRISA, France

WEB CHAIR

Reynaldo Gil Pons, University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg
