------------------------------------------------------------                       
                       CALL FOR PAPERS

The 23rd International Conference on Engineering Complex Systems
                         ICECCS 2018

12-14 December 2018 - Melbourne, Australia

http://formal-analysis.com/iceccs/2018/
------------------------------------------------------------

Important Dates (AoE time)

Abstract submission: 15th June 2018
Paper submission: 22nd June 2018
Notification of acceptance: 22th August 2018
Camera ready copy due: 21th September 2017


We have seen a rapid rising emphasis on design, implement and manage complex computer
systems which are present in every aspect of human activities, such as manufacturing,
communications, defense, transportation, aerospace, hazardous environments, energy,
and health care. The complex computer systems are frequently distributed over heterogeneous
networks and processing large amount data. Complexity arises from many factors,
including the dynamic environments and scenarios these systems operate in; demanding and
sometimes conflicting requirements in functionality, efficiency, scalability, security,
dependability, inoperability  and adaptability; as well as the large variation in
development methodology, programming languages and implementation details. The key issues
in these systems include performance, real-time behavior, fault tolerance, security,
adaptability, development time and cost, and long life concerns.

The goal of this conference is to bring together industrial, academic, and government
experts, from a variety of application domains and software disciplines, to discuss how
the disciplines' problems and solution techniques interact within the whole system.
Researchers, practitioners, tool developers and users, and technology transfer experts
are all welcome. The scope of interest includes long-term research issues; near-term
requirements and challenges; established complex systems; emerging promising tools; and
retrospective and prospective reflections of research and development into complex systems.

Scope and Topics

Authors are invited to submit papers describing original, unpublished research results,
case studies and tools. Papers are solicited in all areas related to complex computer-based
systems, including the causes of complexity and means of avoiding, controlling, or coping
with complexity. Topic areas include, but are not limited to:

Requirement specification and analysis
Verification and validation
Security and privacy of complex systems
Model-driven development
Reverse engineering and refactoring
Software architecture
Big Data Management
Ambient intelligence, pervasive computing
Ubiquitous computing, context awareness, sensor networks
Design by contract
Agile methods
Safety-critical & fault-tolerant architectures
Adaptive, self-managing and multi-agent systems
Real-time, hybrid and embedded systems
Systems of systems
Cyber-physical systems and Internet of Things (IoT)
Tools and tool integration
Industrial case studies

Different kinds of contributions are sought, including novel research, lessons learned,
experience reports, and discussions of practical problems faced by industry and user domains.
The ultimate goal is to build a rich and comprehensive conference program that can fit the
interests and needs of different classes of attendees: professionals, researchers, managers,
and students. A program goal is to organize several sessions that include both academic and
industrial papers on a given topic and culminate panels to discuss relationships between
industrial and academic research.

Full Papers

Full papers are divided into two categories: Technical Papers and Experience Reports. The papers
submitted to both categories will be reviewed by program committee members, and papers accepted
in either category will be published in the conference proceedings. Technical papers should
describe original research, and experience reports should present practical projects carried
out in industry, and reflect on the lessons learnt from them.

Short Papers

Short paper submissions describe early-stage, ongoing or PhD research. All short papers will be
reviewed by program committee members, and accepted short papers will be published in the
conference proceedings.

Paper Submissions

Submitted manuscripts should be in English and formatted in the style of the double-column CPS
format. Full papers should not exceed 10 pages, and short papers should not exceed 4 pages,
including figures, references, and appendices. All submissions should be in PDF format.
Submissions not adhering to the specified format and length may be rejected immediately,
without review.

Please prepare your manuscripts in accordance to the CPS guidelines:
http://www.ieee.org/conferences_events/conferences/publishing/templates.html.

We invite all prospective authors to submit their manuscripts via the ICECCS'18 portal,
hosted on EasyChair
https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=iceccs2018


Conference Proceedings

The conference proceedings will be published by Conference Publishing Services (CPS) and
submitted for EI indexing.

Organization:

General Chair:           Yuan-Fang Li (Monash University, Australia)
Program Chairs:          Anthony Lin (Oxford, UK) and Jun Sun (Singapore University of Technoglogy and Design, Singapore)
Workshop/Tutorial chair: Marcel Boehme (Monash University, Australia)
Local chair:             Xin Xia (Monash University, Australia)
Web Chair:               Hou Zhe and Hadrien Bride (Griffith University)
Publicity Chairs:        Étienne Andre (Université Paris 13, France) and Huibiao Zhu (East China Normal University, China)