-----------------------------
SUBMISSION DEADLINE EXTENSION
-----------------------------

24th International Conference on Engineering of Complex Computer Systems (ICECCS 2019)
Hong Kong, China, 10-13 November 2019

Website: http://www.formal-analysis.com/iceccs/2019/
Submission link: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=iceccs2019

Important Dates
---------------
+ Abstract Submissions Due: 31 May 2019 AOE (extended)
+ Full Paper Submissions Due: 8 June 2019 AOE (extended)
+ Acceptance/Rejection Notification: 20 July 2019
+ Camera-ready Due: 16 August 2019
+ Conference Dates: 10-13 November 2019

Over the past years, we have seen a rapid rising emphasis on design,
implement and manage complex computer systems which are present in
every aspect of human activities, such as manufacturing,
communications, defence, transportation, aerospace, hazardous
environments, energy, and healthcare. The complex computer systems are
frequently distributed over heterogeneous networks and processing
large amount data. Complexity arises from many factors, including the
dynamic environment and scenarios these systems operate in; demanding
and sometimes conflicting requirements in functionality, efficiency,
scalability, security, dependability and adaptability; as well as the
large variation in development methodologies, programming languages
and implementation details. The key issues in these systems include
performance, real-time behaviour, fault tolerance, security,
adaptability, development time and cost, and long life concerns.

The goal of this conference is to bring together industrial, academic,
and government experts, from a variety of application domains and
software disciplines, to discuss how the disciplines' problems and
solution techniques interact within the whole system. Researchers,
practitioners, tool developers and users, and technology transfer
experts are all welcome. The scope of interest includes long-term
research issues; near-term requirements and challenges; established
complex systems; emerging promising tools; and retrospective and
prospective reflections of research and development into complex
systems.

ICECCS is an A-ranked international conference by the Computing
Research and Education Association of Australasia (CORE) 2018 ranking.

http://portal.core.edu.au/conf-ranks/646/

List of Topics
--------------
Authors are invited to submit papers describing original, unpublished
research results, case studies and tools. Papers are solicited in all
areas related to complex computer-based systems, including the causes
of complexity and means of avoiding, controlling, or coping with
complexity. Topic areas include, but are not limited to:

+ Requirement specification and analysis
+ Verification and validation
+ Security and privacy of complex systems
+ Model-driven development
+ Reverse engineering and refactoring
+ Software Architecture
+ Big data management
+ Ambient intelligence, pervasive computing
+ Ubiquitous computing, context awareness, sensor networks
+ Applications to SAT/SMT techniques to analysis of complex systems
+ Design by contract
+ Agile methods
+ Safety-critical and fault-tolerant architectures
+ Adaptive, self-managing and multi-agent systems
+ Real-time, hybrid and embedded systems
+ Systems of systems
+ Cyber-physical systems and Internet of Things (IoT)
+ Tools and tool integration
+ Industrial case studies

Different kinds of contributions are sought, including novel research,
lessons learned, experience reports, and discussions of practical
problems faced by industry and user domains. The ultimate goal is to
build a rich and comprehensive conference program that can fit the
interests and needs of different classes of attendees, e.g.,
professionals, researchers, managers, and students. A program goal is
to organise several sessions that include both academic and industrial
papers on a given topic and culminate panels to discuss relationships
between industrial and academic research.

Submission and Publication
--------------------------
Full papers are divided into two categories: Technical Papers and
Experience Reports. The papers submitted to both categories will be
reviewed by program committee members, and papers accepted in either
category will be published in the conference proceedings. Technical
papers should describe original research, and experience reports
should present practical projects carried out in industry, and reflect
on the lessons learnt from them.

Short paper submissions describe early-stage, ongoing or PhD research.
All short papers will be reviewed by program committee members, and
accepted short papers will be published in the conference proceedings.

Submissions to the conference must not have been published or be
concurrently considered for publication elsewhere. All submissions
will be judged on the basis of originality, contribution to the field,
technical and presentation quality, and relevance to the conference.
The proceedings has been published by the Conference Publishing
Services (CPS) of the IEEE Computer Society.

Submitted manuscripts should be in English and formatted in the style
of the double-column CPS format. Full papers should not exceed 10
pages, and short papers should not exceed 4 pages, including figures,
references, and appendices. All submissions should be in PDF format.
Submissions not adhering to the specified format and length may be
rejected immediately without review.

Please prepare your manuscripts in accordance to the CPS guidelines.
We invite all prospective authors to submit their manuscripts via the
ICECCS 2019 portal, hosted by the EasyChair conference management
system.

https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=iceccs2019

Program Committee
-----------------
Parosh Aziz Abdulla, Uppsala University, Sweden
Yamine Ait Ameur, IRIT/INPT-ENSEEIHT, France
Étienne André, Université Paris 13, France
Guangdong Bai, Griffith University, Australia
Luciano Baresi, Politecnico di Milano, Italy
Ezio Bartocci, Vienna University of Technology, Austria
Sergiy Bogomolov, Australian National University, Australia
Hadrien Bride, Griffith University, Australia
Lei Bu, Nanjing University, China
Mingsong Chen, East China Normal University, China
Yu-Fang Chen, National Taiwan University, Taiwan
Sebastien Gerard, CEA LIST, France
Nan Guan, The Hong Kong Polytechnic University, China
Matthew Hague, Royal Holloway University of London, United Kingdom
Zhe Hou, Griffith University, Australia
Kung-Kiu Lau, University of Manchester, United Kingdom
Scott Uk-Jin, Hanyang University, Korea
Yuan-Fang Li, Monash University, Australia
Shuang Liu, Tianjing University, China
David Lo, Singapore Management University, Singapore
Gerald Luettgen, University of Bamberg, Germany
Lei Ma, Kyushu University, Japan
Tiziana Margaria, Lero, Ireland
Dominique Mery, Université de Lorraine, France
Mohammadreza Mousavi, University of Leicester, United Kingdom
Paolo Nesi, University of Florence, Italy
Jun Pang, University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg
Soumya Paul, University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg
Christian Prehofer, Technical University of Munich, Germany
Bruce Sham, University of Auckland, New Zealand
Fu Song, ShanghaiTech University, China
Roy Sterritt, Ulster University, United Kingdom
Jing Sun, University of Auckland, New Zealand
Jun Sun, Singapore Management University, Singapore
Meng Sun, Peking University, China
Cong Tian, Xidian University, China
Tullio Vardanega, University of Padua, Italy
Hai H. Wang, University of Aston, United Kingdom
Haoyu Wang, Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications, China
Hironori Washizaki, Waseda University, Japan
Zhilin Wu, Chinese Academy of Sciences, China
Chenyi Zhang, Jinan University, China
Huibiao Zhu, East China Normal University, China