FMICS 2024:
29th International Conference on Formal Methods for Industrial Critical Systems

Milan, Italy, 9-11 September 2024
https://fmics.inria.fr/2024

The aim of the FMICS conference series is to provide a forum for researchers and practitioners who are interested in the development and application of formal methods in industry. FMICS brings together scientists and engineers who are active in the area of formal methods and interested in exchanging their experiences in the industrial usage of these methods. The FMICS conference series also strives to promote research and development for the improvement of formal methods and tools for industrial applications.


IMPORTANT DATES

   - Abstract submission: 25 April 2024
   - Paper submission: 1 May 2024
   - Notification: 10 June 2024
   - Camera-ready version: 23 June 2024
   - Conference: 9-11 September 2024

TOPICS

Topics of interest include (but are not limited to):

   - Case studies and experience reports on industrial applications of formal methods, focusing on lessons learned or identification of new research directions.
   - Methods, techniques, and tools to support automated analysis, certification, debugging, learning, optimization, and transformation of complex, distributed, real-time, embedded, mobile, and autonomous systems.
   - Verification and validation methods (model checking, theorem proving, SAT/SMT constraint solving, abstract interpretation, etc.) that address shortcomings of existing methods with respect to their industrial applicability (e.g., scalability and usability issues, tool qualification, and certification).
   - Transfer to industry and impact of adoption of formal methods on the development process and associated costs in industry.
   - Application of formal methods in standardization and industrial forums.

SUBMISSION

Papers must describe original research work and results. Submitted papers must not have previously appeared in a journal or conference with published proceedings and must not be concurrently submitted to any other peer-reviewed workshop, symposium, conference, or archival journal. Any partial overlap with any such published or concurrently submitted paper must be clearly indicated.

Submissions should clearly motivate relevance to industrial applications. Case study papers should identify lessons learned, validate theoretical results (such as scalability of methods) or provide specific motivation for further research and development.

Papers should not exceed 15 pages (excluding references) formatted according to the Springer author guidelines LNCS style. All submissions will be reviewed by at least three members of the Programme Committee, which will make a selection among the submissions based on the novelty, soundness, and applicability of the presented ideas and results. Papers must be written in English and should be submitted as PDF files using the EasyChair submission site.


PROCEEDINGS

The conference proceedings will be published by Springer in the LNCS series. Previous FMICS proceedings can be found on SpringerLink. At least one author of each accepted paper is expected to present the paper at the conference as a registered participant.

Authors should consult Springer's authors' guidelines and use their proceedings templates, either for LaTeX or for Word, for the preparation of their papers. Springer encourages authors to include their ORCIDs in their papers.

BEST PAPER AWARD

An monetary award sponsored by Springer will be given to the authors of the submission selected by the Program Committee as the best paper of FMICS 2024.

SPECIAL ISSUE

The Programme Committee of FMICS 2024 will invite a selection of accepted papers to submit extended versions to a special issue of the International Journal on Software Tools for Technology Transfer.

COMMITTEES

* PC CHAIRS
   Anne Haxthausen (Technical University of Denmark, co-chair)
   Wendelin Serwe (INRIA Grenoble, France, co-chair)

* PROGRAMME COMMITTEE
   Davide Basile (ISTI CNR, Pisa, Italy)
   Alessandro Cimatti (Fondazione Bruno Kessler, Italy)
   Pedro R. D'Argenio (Universidad Nacional de Córdoba - CONICET, Argentina)
   Jennifer Davis (Collins Aerospace, USA)
   Luca di Stefano (University of Gothenburg and Chalmers, Sweden)
   Kerstin Eder (University of Bristol, United Kingdom)
   Hugues Evrard (Google, France)
   Alessandro Fantechi (DINFO - Universitá di Firenze, Italy)
   Wan Fokkink (Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, The Netherlands)
   Martin Fränzle (Carl von Ossietzky Universität Oldenburg, Germany)
   Pierre-Loïc Garoche (ENAC, France)
   Matthias Güdemann (UAS Munich, Germany)
   Klaus Havelund (Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, USA)
   Anne Haxthausen (Technical University of Denmark, co-chair)
   Holger Hermanns (Universität des Saarlandes, Saarbrücken, Germany)
   Peter Höfner (Australian National University)
   Bertrand Jeannet (Dassault Systèmes, France)
   Joseph Kiniry (Galois, Inc., USA)
   Jan Křetínský (Masaryk University, Brno, Czech Republic)
   Kim Guldstrand Larsen (Computer Science, Aalborg University, Denmark)
   Thierry Lecomte (CLEARSY, France)
   Tiziana Margaria (University of Limerick and LERO, Ireland)
   Lina Marsso (University of Toronto, Canada)
   Stephan Merz (Inria Nancy, France)
   Stefan Mitsch (DePaul University, Chicago, USA)
   Cristina Seceleanu (Mälardalen University, Sweden)
   Wendelin Serwe (INRIA Grenoble, France, co-chair)
   Laura Titolo (National Institute of Aerospace, USA)
   Jaco van de Pol (Aarhus University, Denmark)
   Virginie Wiels (ONERA, France)
   Anton Wijs (Eindhoven University of Technology, The Netherlands)
   Jim Woodcock (University of York, United Kingdom)
   Zhen Zhang (Utah State University, USA)

* FMICS STEERING COMMITTEE
   Maurice ter Beek (ISTI-CNR, IT)
   Alessandro Fantechi (University of Florence, IT)
   Hubert Garavel (INRIA, FR)
   Tiziana Margaria (University of Limerick and LERO, IE)
   Radu Mateescu (INRIA, FR)
   Jaco van de Pol (Aarhus University, DK)

VENUE

FMICS 2024 is co-located with FM 2024 and will be held at Politecnico di Milano in Milan, Italy.

SPONSORS
   Springer
   ERCIM

CONTACT
   Anne Haxthausen: aeha@dtu.dk
   Wendelin Serwe: wendelin.serwe@inria.fr
