                           Call for papers

                    34th International Conference on
      Automated Reasoning with Analytic Tableaux and Related Methods
                            TABLEAUX 2025

                    part of FroCoS/ITP/TABLEAUX '25
            Reykjavik, Iceland, 27 September-3 October 2025

        https://urldefense.com/v3/__https://icetcs.github.io/frocos-itp-tableaux25/tableaux/__;!!IBzWLUs!T4W7E0f11Vz_oH3nkjjAcVEvYdw7rHY1GyP_uikREnX__Zj3lUcEuDvyTcLdpMy_VMrNOCSGA6zwW8VjS8sIcfy4-Qaj$


TABLEAUX is the main international conference at which research on all
aspects---theoretical foundations, implementation techniques, systems
development and applications---of tableaux-based reasoning and related
methods are presented.

The first TABLEAUX conference was held in Lautenbach near Karlsruhe in
1992. Since then it has been organized on an annual basis. Since 2001,
TABLEAUX, together with CADE and FroCoS, forms part of IJCAR every two
years.


Important dates

Submission of title and abstract: 9 May 2025
Submission of paper: 14 May 2025
Notification: 30 June 2025
Final version: 14 July 2025


Scope

Tableaux and related proof methods offer convenient and flexible tools
for automated reasoning for both classical and non-classical
logics. Areas of application include verification of software and
computer systems, deductive databases, knowledge representation and
its required inference engines, teaching, and system diagnosis.

Topics of interest include but are not limited to:

- tableaux methods for classical and non-classical logics (including
first-order, higher-order, modal, temporal, description, hybrid,
intuitionistic, linear, substructural, fuzzy, relevance and
non-monotonic logics) and their proof-theoretic foundations;

- sequent, natural deduction, labelled, nested and deep calculi for
classical and non-classical logics, as tools for proof search and
proof representation;

- related methods (SMT, model elimination, model checking, connection
methods, resolution, BDDs, translation approaches);

- flexible, easily extendable, light-weight methods for theorem proving;
novel types of calculi for theorem proving and verification in
classical and non-classical logics;

- systems, tools, implementations, empirical evaluations and
applications (provers, proof assistants, logical frameworks, model
checkers, etc.);

- implementation techniques (data structures, efficient algorithms,
performance measurement, extensibility, etc.);

- combinations with machine learning and other AI methods;

- techniques for proof generation and compact (or human-readable) proof
representation;

- theoretical and practical aspects of decision procedures;

- applications of automated deduction to mathematics, software
development, verification, deductive and temporal databases, knowledge
representation, ontologies, fault diagnosis or teaching.

We also welcome papers describing applications of tableau procedures
to real-world examples. Such papers should be tailored to the TABLEAUX
community and should focus on the role of reasoning and on logical
aspects of the solution.


Paper submission

The program committee seeks high-quality submissions describing
original work, written in English, not overlapping with published or
simultaneously submitted work to a journal or a conference/workshop
with archival proceedings. Submissions are solicited in two
categories:

- regular papers reporting new theoretical research or applications,
up to 15 pages excluding references,

- short papers such as system descriptions, user experiences, case
studies and domain models, up to 9 pages excluding references.

Papers must be prepared in LaTeX using the llncs style and must be
submitted electronically as pdf files through Easychair at
https://urldefense.com/v3/__https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=tableaux2025__;!!IBzWLUs!T4W7E0f11Vz_oH3nkjjAcVEvYdw7rHY1GyP_uikREnX__Zj3lUcEuDvyTcLdpMy_VMrNOCSGA6zwW8VjS8sIccfl-Ku7$

For all accepted papers, one author must attend the conference in
person and present the paper. One author (which may be a different
one, e.g. if the presenter is a student) must pay the full
registration fee.

In exceptional circumstances (which must be agreed about with the
organizers by the registration deadline) online presentation is an
option. Still one author must pay the full registration fee.


Publication

The conference proceedings will be published in Springer's Lecture
Notes in Artificial Intelligence (LNAI/LNCS) series in Gold Open
Access under the CC-BY-4.0 license.


Programme committee cochairs

Gian Luca Pozzato, Università degli Studi di Torino
Tarmo Uustalu, Reykjavik University

Programme committee

Matteo Acclavio, University of Sussex, Brighton
Carlos Areces, Universidad Nacional de Córdoba
Davide Bresolin, Università degli Studi di Padova
Serenella Cerrito, IBISC, Université d'Evry Val-d'Essonne
Anupam Das, University of Birmingham
Hans de Nivelle, Nazarbayev University, Astana
Valeria de Paiva, Topos Institute, Berkeley, CA
José Espírito Santo, Universidade do Minho, Braga
Christian Fermüller, Technische Universität Wien
Rajeev Goré, Monash University
Rosalie Iemhoff, Universiteit Utrecht
Andrzej Indrzejczak, University of Łódź
Tomasz Kowalski, Jagiellonian University, Kraków
Graham Leigh, Göteborgs Universitet
Björn Lellmann, Bundesministerium für Finanzen, Vienna
Tim S. Lyon, Technische Universität Dresden
Cláudia Nalon, Universidade de Brasilia
Sara Negri, Università degli Studi di Genova
Elaine Pimentel, University College London
Francesca Poggiolesi, IHPST, Université Paris 1 Panthéon-Sorbonne
Revantha Ramanayake, Rijksuniversiteit Groningen
Alexis Saurin, IRIF, Université Paris Cité
Yaroslav Shramko, Kryvyi Rih State Pedagogical University
Luca Tranchini, Eberhard-Karls-Universität Tübingen
Josef Urban, Czech Technical University in Prague


Organizers

The conference is organized by the ICE-TCS lab of Reykjavik
University.

