Deadline extension: 34th Nordic Workshop on Programming Theory (NWPT 2023)

Extended deadline: October 13th, 2023.

Call for Papers
Deadline Extended to Oct. 13, 2023

NWPT 2023 - 34th Nordic Workshop on Programming Theory

22-23 November 2023, Mälardalen University, Västerås, Sweden https://conf.researchr.org/home/nwpt-2023

Important dates (AoE)

Submission of abstracts: October 13, 2023 23:59 AoE
Notification: October 30, 2023

Conference dates: 22-23 November 2023
———————————————————————-

Scope

NWPT is a series of annual regional-scope workshops on programming theory, targeted especially at younger researchers. In 2023, the workshop will take place in Västerås, Sweden. We hope this will be a nice opportunity to present recent results and/or work-in-progress, and to meet colleagues from the Nordic and Baltic countries. We encourage PhD students and postdocs to contribute. Topics of interest include (but are not limited to):

    semantics of programming languages
    programming language design and programming methodology
    programming logics
    formal specification of programs
    program verification
    program construction
    tools for program verification and construction
    program transformation and refinement
    real-time, hybrid/cyber-physical systems modeling and verification
    models of concurrency and distributed computing
    model checking
    model-based testing
    language-based security.

Submission guidelines

Authors wishing to give a talk at the works hop are requested to submit abstracts of 2-3 pages (pdf, printable on A4 paper, typeset with LaTeX with easychair.cls) through EasyChair by September 22:

https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=nwpt2023

Work in progress as well as abstracts of manuscripts submitted for formal publication elsewhere are permitted. The abstracts of the accepted contributions will be available electronically before the workshop. By submitting to EasyChair you agree that your abstract will be publicly available. Moreover, you as an author are responsible for the content. As in earlier NWPT workshops, we plan to arrange a special issue of the Journal of Logical and Algebraic Methods in Programming (JLAMP) devoted to the best contributions to the workshop. The contributions will be selected by the PC. They will be invited after the workshop and will undergo a rigorous, journal-strength review process a ccording to the standards of JLAMP.

Organizers and PC chairs

    Marjan Sirjani (Mälardalen University)
    Cristina Seceleanu (Mälardalen University)
    Peter Backeman (Mälardalen University)

Contact

Questions about submissions can be sent to the conference contact email:

NWPT2023-contact@studentmdh.onmicrosoft.com