                       CALL FOR CONTRIBUTIONS

        31st Nordic Workshop on Programming Theory, NWPT 2019

                Tallinn, Estonia, 13-15 November 2019

                  http://cs.ttu.ee/events/nwpt2019

Important Dates

    Submission of abstracts	16 September 2019
    Notification  		4 October 2019
    Final versions		15 October 2019
    Registration		15 October 2019
    

Background

The NWPT series of annual workshops is a forum bringing together
programming theorists from the Nordic and Baltic countries, but also
from elsewhere.

List of Topics

    Semantics of programming languages
    Programming language design and programming methodology
    Programming logics
    Formal specification of programs
    Program verification
    Program construction
    Tools for program verification and construction
    Program transformation and refinement
    Real-time and hybrid systems
    Models of concurrency and distributed computing
    Model-based testing
    Language-based security

Invited Speakers

    Mohamed Bettaz, Philadelphia University, Amman, Jordan
    Ando Saabas, Bolt, Estonia
    Pawel Sobocinski, Tallinn University of Technology, Estonia

Submission Guidelines

Authors wishing to give a talk at the workshop are requested to submit
abstracts of 2-3 pages (pdf, printable on A4 paper, using
easychair.cls) through EasyChair
(https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=nwpt2019) by 16 September,
2019. Work in progress as well as abstracts of manuscripts submitted
for formal publication elsewhere are permitted.

The abstracts of the accepted contributions will be available
electronically before the workshop. By submitting to EasyChair you
agree that your abstract will be publicly available. Moreover, you as
an author are responsible for the content.

Post-workshop Publication

We have arranged a special issue of the Journal of Logical and
Algebraic Methods in Programming (JLAMP) devoted to the best
contributions to the workshop. The contributions will be selected by
the PC. They will be invited after the workshop and will undergo a
rigorous, journal-strength review process according to the standards
of JLAMP.

Program Committee

    Antonis Achilleos, Reykjavík University, Iceland
    Johannes Borgström, Uppsala University, Sweden
    Martin Elsman, University of Copenhagen, Denmark
    Daniel Fava, University of Oslo, Norway
    John Gallagher, RUC, Denmark
    Michael R. Hansen, DTU, Denmark
    Magne Haveraaen, University of Bergen, Norway
    Keijo Heljanko, University of Helsinki, Finland
    Thomas T. Hildebrandt, ITU Copenhagen, Denmark
    Einar Broch Johnsen, University of Oslo, Norway
    Jaakko Järvi, University of Bergen, Norway
    Yngve Lamo, Western Norway Univ. of Applied Sciences, Norway
    Kim G. Larsen, Aalborg University, Denmark
    Alberto Lluch Lafuente, DTU, Denmark
    Fabrizio Montesi, University of Southern Denmark, Denmark
    Wojciech Mostowski, Halmstad University, Sweden
    Olaf Owe, University of Oslo, Norway
    Philipp Rümmer, Uppsala University, Sweden
    Gerardo Schneider, University of Gothenburg, Sweden
    Cristina Seceleanu, Mälardalen University, Sweden
    Jiri Srba, Aalborg University, Denmark
    Tarmo Uustalu, Reykjavík University, Iceland
    Jüri Vain, Tallinn University of Techn., Estonia
    Antti Valmari, University of Jyväskylä, Finland
    Marina Waldén, Åbo Akademi University, Finland

Organizing Committee

    Jüri Vain (chair)
    Tarmo Uustalu
    Leonidas Tsiopoulos
    Juhan Ernits
    Marko Kääramees

Venue

The 31st Nordic Workshop on Programming Theory 2019 will take place in
the campus of Tallinn University of Technology.

Contact

Further information can be obtained by mailing the organizers at
nwpt2019@ttu.ee.
