CALL FOR PAPERS

BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES

The Symposium on Dependable Software Engineering: Theories, Tools and
Applications (SETTA) 2023 will be held in Nanjing on November 27-29, 2023.

Formal methods emerged as an important area in computer science and
software engineering about half a century ago. An international community
has formed researching, developing and teaching formal theories, techniques
and tools for software modeling, specification, design and verification.
However, the impact of formal methods on the quality and improvement of
software systems is, in practice, lagging behind. This is for instance
reflected by the challenges in applying formal techniques and tools to
engineering large-scale systems such as Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS),
Internet-of-Things (IoT), Enterprise Systems, Cloud-Based Systems, and so
forth.

The purpose of the SETTA symposium is to bring international researchers
together to exchange research results and ideas on bridging the gap between
formal methods and software engineering. SETTA will show research interests
and results from different groups so as to initiate interest-driven
research collaboration. It is aiming at academic excellence and its
objective is to become a flagship conference on formal software engineering
in China.

To achieve these goals and contribute to the sustainability of the formal
methods research, it is important for the symposium to attract young
researchers into the community. Thus, this symposium particularly
encourages the participation of young researchers and students.

Authors are invited to submit papers on original research, industrial
applications, or position papers proposing challenges in fundamental
research and technology. The latter two types of submissions are expected
to contribute to the development of formal methods and applications thereof
in software engineering. This is done by either substantiating the
advantages of integrating formal methods into the development cycle or
through delineating the need for research by demonstrating weaknesses of
existing technologies, especially when addressing new application domains.

TOPICS

Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:

   - Requirements specification and analysis
   - Formalisms for modeling, design and implementation
   - Model checking, theorem proving, and decision procedures
   - Scalable approaches to formal system analysis
   - Formal approaches to simulation, run-time verification, and testing
   - Integration of formal methods into software engineering practice
   - Contract-based engineering of components, systems, and systems of
   systems
   - Formal and engineering aspects of software evolution and maintenance
   - Parallel and multicore programming
   - Embedded, real-time, hybrid, probabilistic, and cyber-physical systems
   - Mixed-critical applications and systems
   - Formal aspects of service-oriented and cloud computing
   - Safety, reliability, robustness, and fault-tolerance
   - Dependability of smart software and systems
   - Empirical analysis techniques and integration with formal methods
   - Applications and industrial experience reports
   - Software tools to assist the construction or analysis of software
   systems

RESEARCH PAPERS

Research papers will be published in the SETTA 2023 proceedings as a volume
in Springer's LNCS series. Papers should be submitted electronically
through the EasyChair submission website
<https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=setta2023>. A selection of papers
will be invited to special issues of the Elsevier Journal of Systems
Architecture (JSA) and Software Testing, Verification & Reliability (STVR).
Important dates (AoE)
Abstract submission:
Aug 17, 2023
Paper submission:
Aug 24, 2023
Notification to authors:
Oct 5, 2023
Camera-ready version:
Oct 19, 2023
Submission Guidelines

All submissions must be in PDF format and should be written in English.
Submissions can take the form of either regular or short papers. Regular
papers should not exceed 16 pages (excluding references) in LNCS format.
Short papers can discuss ongoing research at an early design stage,
including PhD projects. Short papers should not exceed 6 pages (excluding
references) in LNCS format. All submitted papers should be unpublished and
not submitted for publication elsewhere. All accepted papers will have to
be presented at the conference by one of their authors. Extended versions
of selected papers will be recommended to special issues of Journal of
System Architecture (JSA) and of Software Testing, Verification &
Reliability (STVR) after the proceeding of the conference.

Springer's author instructions for LNCS series' articles can be found on
overleaf
<https://www.overleaf.com/latex/templates/springer-lecture-notes-in-computer-science/kzwwpvhwnvfj#.WsdHOy5uZpg>.
Finally, the attention of contributing authors is drawn on the code of
conduct of the publisher
<https://www.springernature.com/gp/authors/book-authors-code-of-conduct>.

--
yours,
Sun Jun
