
                              RTN 2019
            17th INTERNATIONAL WORKSHOP ON REAL-TIME NETWORKS
                    JULY 9, 2019 - STUTTGART, GERMANY
                       https://www.ecrts.org/rtn

                           CALL FOR PAPERS

PRESENTATION
The Real-Time Networks (RTN) is a satellite workshop of the 31st Euromicro
Conference on Real-Time Systems (ECRTS), the premier European venue for
presenting research into the broad area of real-time and embedded systems.
RTN 2019 is the seventeenth in the series of workshops that started at the 2002
ECRTS conference. No edition took place in 2015.

IMPORTANT DATES
Submission Full-Papers:         April 16, 2019
Submission Abstracts:           April 16, 2019
Acceptance Notification:        May 14, 2019
Camera-ready Version:           May 29, 2019

WORKSHOP STRUCTURE
The RTN workshop provides a relaxed forum for industrial and academic
participants to present and discuss new ideas, new research directions and to
review current trends in the area of real-time networks and NoC. The program
schedule provides significant time for discussions among the attendees.

NEW SINCE 2018: in addition to presentation sessions, a collaborative session
will be setup to stimulate exchange between participants with different types
of contributions, including demos, informal presentations, and posters. All
participants are encouraged to contribute and animate this session!
Authors of accepted papers will be given the option to publish them in a special
edition of ACM SIGBED Review unless they choose to opt out in order to keep
their work for a later submission to another conference or journal.

TOPICS
Areas of interest include, but are not limited to:
* Real-time aspects of networked embedded systems and sensors, cyber-physical
  systems, internet of things, fog computing
* Real-time applications (automotive, aerospace, multimedia, etc.):
  implementation, experimentation and evaluation
* Real-time Software Defined Networks (SDN)
* Real-time message scheduling and mapping over off and on-chip networks (TSN,
  Ethernet, CAN, FlexRay, NoC, etc.)
* Performance evaluation, simulation and modeling tools of real-time networks
  (automotive, aerospace, multimedia, etc.)
* Real-time network management and time synchronization
* Real-time aspects of Wireless technologies and Sensor Networks (WSNs) and
  applications
* Real-time network on chips (NoC)

FOCUS OF THE 2019 EDITION
RTN 2019 focuses on new trends in real-time communications, including the
application of new Ethernet standards like TSN in the area of In-Car
Communication, Vehicular and Industrial Fog Computing, as well as the Internet
of Things.


SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS
Following the success of previous editions, RTN 2019 is open to contributions
in three different formats: full papers, demos, and posters.

FULL-PAPER SUBMISSION
The RTN workshop is seeking regular research paper or position paper that should
not exceed 6 pages. Research papers should present original research results not
published or submitted for publication in other forums. Authors of accepted
papers agree to attend the workshop and to present their work during the
workshop.
Papers submitted to the RTN workshop must be written in English, should conform
to the ACM SIG Proceedings Style
(https://www.acm.org/publications/proceedings-template-16dec2016) and must be
submitted in PDF format using the RTN website submission link
(https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=rtn2019). Author names, affiliations
and self-references should not be anonymized.
Accepted papers will be published in ACM SIGBED Review unless authors opt out
in order to keep their work unpublished. By accepting that papers are published
in the ACM SIGBED Review, authors give permission to publish and include the
papers in ACM Digital Library.

DEMO SUBMISSION
We highly encourage the submission of demos for presentation during the workshop
collaborative session. Authors will have a slot for a short presentation to
introduce the demo to the audience in addition to the necessary space to
demonstrate and engage in discussions during the panel sessions.
Note: The content of a demo shall be of interest to the workshop's audience but
must not necessarily be novel.
To submit a Demo, an abstract (limited to two pages) describing the topic and
main details shall be submitted following the same procedure as for full-papers,
indicating Abstract as the type of submission. The abstract title shall be
preceded with the word "DEMO-".

POSTER SUBMISSION
Authors wishing to disseminate their work or ideas without a formal publication
may submit a poster to the workshop. Posters will be introduced to the audience
with a short presentation and exposed during the collaborative session.
The content of a poster shall be of interest to the workshop's audience and must
have some degree of novelty. Incremental work on existing publications as well
as, in particular, work-in-progress of novel ideas can be submitted.
To submit a Poster, an abstract (limited to two pages) shall be submitted
following the same procedure as for full-papers, indicating Abstract as the type
of submission. The abstract title shall be preceded with the word "POSTER-".
Accepted posters will be displayed during the workshop.

ORGANIZATION

WORKSHOP CHAIRS
Guillermo Rodriguez-Navas, Nokia Bell-Labs, Israel
Ramon Serna Oliver, TTTech, Austria

PROGRAM COMMITTEE
Ahlem Mifdaoui, DISC, Univ. Toulouse, France
Borislav Nikolic, IDA/TU Braunschweig, Germany
Iñaki Val, IK4-IKERLAN, Spain
Jean-Luc Scharbarg, INP/ENSEEIHT, Univ. Toulouse, France
Julian Proenza, Universitat de les Illes Balears, Spain
Luis Almeida, University of Porto, Portugal
Paul Pop, TU Denmark, Denmark
Rodrigo Coelho, TU Kaiserslautern, Germany
Svetlana Girs, Mälardalen University, Sweden
Ye-Qiong Song, LORIA, France
Zdenek Hanzalek, Czech Technical University in Prague
