CAV 2021: 33rd International Conference on Computer-Aided Verification
July 18-23 2021, Los Angeles, USA

CALL FOR PAPERS
http://i-cav.org/2021/call-for-papers/


IMPORTANT DATES
All deadlines are AoE (Anywhere on Earth).

PAPERS
- Paper submission: January 28, 2021
- Rebuttal period: March 29-31, 2021
- Author notification: April 19, 2021
- Artifact submission: April 28, 2021
- Artifact notification: May 26, 2021
- Final version due: May 31, 2021

CAV AWARD
- Nomination deadline: February 20, 2021

CONFERENCE
- Workshops: July 18-19, 2021
- Tutorials: July 19, 2021
- Main conference: July 20-23, 2021


SCOPE
CAV 2021 is the 33rd in a series dedicated to the advancement of the theory and practice of computer-aided formal analysis methods for hardware and software systems. The conference covers the spectrum from theoretical results to concrete applications, with an emphasis on practical verification tools and the algorithms and techniques that are needed for their implementation. CAV considers it vital to continue spurring advances in hardware and software verification while expanding to new domains such as machine learning, autonomous systems, and computer security. The proceedings of the conference will be published in the Springer-Verlag Lecture Notes in Computer Science series. A selection of papers is expected to be invited to a special issue of Formal Methods in System Design and the Journal of the ACM.

CAV 2021 will take place in Los Angeles, California, USA.

Topics of interest include but are not limited to:
- Algorithms and tools for verifying models and implementations
- Algorithms and tools for system synthesis
- Algorithms and tools that combine verification and learning
- Mathematical and logical foundations of verification and synthesis
- Specifications and correctness criteria for programs and systems
- Deductive verification using proof assistants
- Hardware verification techniques
- Program analysis and software verification
- Software synthesis
- Hybrid systems and embedded systems verification
- Formal methods for cyber-physical systems
- Compositional and abstraction-based techniques for verification
- Probabilistic and statistical approaches to verification
- Verification methods for parallel and concurrent systems
- Testing and run-time analysis based on verification technology
- Decision procedures and solvers for verification and synthesis
- Applications and case studies in verification and synthesis
- Verification in industrial practice
- New application areas for algorithmic verification and synthesis
- Formal models and methods for security
- Formal models and methods for biological systems

Submissions on a wide range of topics are sought, particularly ones that identify new research directions. CAV 2021 is not limited to topics discussed in previous instances of the conference. Authors concerned about the appropriateness of a topic may communicate with the conference chairs prior to submission.


CAV AWARD
The CAV award is given annually at the CAV conference for fundamental contributions to the field of Computer-Aided Verification.
CAV Award Nomination deadline: February 20, 2021
For details about the CAV award nomination, please see the following page: http://i-cav.org/2021/cav-award/.


PAPER SUBMISSION
Paper submissions in CAV fall into one of the following three categories (see more information below):

- Regular Papers (20 pages max, must be anonymized)
- Tool Papers (10 pages max, must be anonymized)
- Industrial Experience Reports & Case Studies. (10 pages max, not anonymized)

Papers in all three categories must be submitted by January 28, 2021 AoE, and should be in LNCS format. Simultaneous submission to other conferences with proceedings or submission of material that has already been published elsewhere is not allowed. The review process will include a feedback/rebuttal period where authors will have the option to respond to reviewer comments. The PC chairs may solicit further reviews after the rebuttal period.
Submission site: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=cav2021.


REGULAR PAPERS

Regular papers should not exceed 20 pages in LNCS format, not counting references and appendices.

Regular papers at CAV 2021 will follow a full double blind review process, which means that author names and affiliations must be omitted from the submission. Additionally, if a submission refers to prior work done by the authors, the reference should be made in the third person. These are firm submission requirements, and any regular paper that does not conform to these requirements will be rejected without review.

We do not discourage authors to put their submission on arXiv, but we strongly encourage authors to not put the work on arXiv around (within 1 week) or shortly after (within 1 month) the submission deadline, because potential reviewers may be subscribed to receive updates on recently posted papers.

Authors can include a clearly marked appendix at the end of their submissions that is exempt from the page limit restrictions. However, the reviewers are not obliged to read the contents of these appendices. These papers should contain original research and sufficient detail to assess the merits and relevance of the contribution. Papers will be evaluated on basis of a combination of correctness, technical depth, significance, novelty, clarity, and elegance.

Authors of accepted regular papers will be invited (but are not required) to submit the relevant artifact for evaluation by the artifact evaluation committee. Authors are encouraged to consult SIGPLAN's Empirical Evaluation Guidelines (http://sigplan.org/Resources/EmpiricalEvaluation/) when reporting on empirical results.


TOOL PAPERS

Tool papers should not exceed 10 pages, not counting references.

Tool papers should describe system and implementation aspects of a tool with a large (potential) user base (experiments not required, rehash of theory strongly discouraged). Papers describing tools that have already been presented (in any conference) will be accepted only if significant and clear enhancements to the tool are reported and implemented.

Tool papers at CAV 2021 will follow a full double blind review process, which means that author names and affiliations must be omitted from the submission. Tool papers will be provisionally accepted based on the manuscript. Authors of provisionally accepted tool papers must submit an artifact for evaluation by the artifact evaluation committee: final acceptance is conditional on successful artifact evaluation at the "functional" level. In special cases, where an artifact cannot be submitted, the authors should contact the Artifact Evaluation chairs to find alternate modes of artifact evaluation.


INDUSTRIAL EXPERIENCE REPORTS AND CASE STUDIES

Industrial Experience Reports and Case Studies should not exceed 10 pages, not counting references.

These papers are expected to describe the use of formal methods techniques in industrial settings or in new application domains. Papers in this category do not necessarily need to present original research results but are expected to contain novel applications of formal methods techniques as well as an evaluation of these techniques in the chosen application domain. Such papers are encouraged to discuss the unique challenges of transferring research ideas to a real-world setting and reflect on any lessons learned from this technology transfer experience.


PROGRAM COMMITTEE
Erika Abraham, RWTH Aachen University
Elvira Albert, Universidad Complutense de Madrid
Christel Baier, TU Dresden
Clark Barrett, Stanford University
Ezio Bartocci, Vienna University of Technology
Josh Berdine, Facebook
Armin Biere, Johannes Kepler University Linz
Sam Blackshear, Novi Research
Jasmin Blanchette, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam
Roderick Bloem, Graz University of Technology
Borzoo Bonakdarpour, Michigan State University
Ahmed Bouajjani, University of Paris
Tevfik Bultan, University of California at Santa Barbara
Sagar Chaki, Mentor Graphics
Bor-Yuh Evan Chang, University of Colorado Boulder & Amazon
Hana Chockler, King's College London
Cristina David, University of Cambridge
Jennifer Davis, Collins Aerospace
Yuxin Deng, East China Normal University
Rayna Dimitrova, CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security
Alastair Donaldson, Imperial College London, UK
Constantin Enea, IRIF, Université de Paris
Joao Fernandes, University of Coimbra
Bernd Finkbeiner, CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security
Vijay Ganesh, University of Waterloo
Pierre Ganty, IMDEA Software Institute
Aarti Gupta, Princeton University
Arie Gurfinkel, University of Waterloo
Ichiro Hasuo, National Institute of Informatics
Marieke Huisman, University of Twente
David N. Jansen, Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences
Jean- Baptiste Jeannin, University of Michigan
Ranjit Jhala, University of California San Diego
Rajeev Joshi, Automated Reasoning Group, Amazon
Temesghen Kahsai, Groq Inc
Benjamin Lucien Kaminski, University College London
Joost- Pieter Katoen, RWTH Aachen University
Guy Katz, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem
Laura Kovacs, Vienna University of Technology
Orna Kupferman, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem
Marta Kwiatkowska, University of Oxford
Ori Lahav, Tel Aviv University
Shuvendu Lahiri, Microsoft Research
Akash Lal, Microsoft Research
Kim Larsen, Aalborg University
Marijana Lazic, Technical University of Munich
Owolabi Legunsen, Cornell University
Rustan Leino, Amazon (PC co-chair)
Rupak Majumdar, MPI-SWS
Ruben Martins, Carnegie Mellon University
Ken McMillan, UT Austin
Aina Niemetz, Stanford University
Ruzica Piskac, Yale University
Sylvie Putot, LIX, École Polytechnique
Markus N. Rabe, Google
Talia Ringer, University of Washington
Kristin Yvonne Rozier, Iowa State University
Philipp Ruemmer, Uppsala University
Krishna S, IIT Bombay
Roopsha Samanta, Purdue University
Sanjit A. Seshia, University of California, Berkeley
Natarajan Shankar, SRI International
Natasha Sharygina, USI Lugano, Switzerland
Satnam Singh, Google Research
Sharon Shoham, Tel Aviv University
Alexandra Silva, University College London (PC co-chair)
Tachio Terauchi, Waseda University
Cesare Tinelli, The University of Iowa
Aaron Tomb, Galois, Inc.
Ashutosh Trivedi, University of Colorado Boulder
Caterina Urban, INRIA & École Normale Supérieure | Université PSL
Margus Veanes, Microsoft Research
Jules Villard, Facebook
Yakir Vizel, Technion
Chao Wang, University of Southern California
Wang Yi, Uppsala University
Mingsheng Ying, University of Technology, Sydney
Nobuko Yoshida, Imperial College London
Lijun Zhang, Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences


CONTACT
For any questions please contact the two PC chairs:
Rustan Leino (leino@amazon.com),
Alexandra Silva (alexandra.silva@ucl.ac.uk)
