http://hscc.acm.org/2026

29th ACM International Conference on Hybrid Systems: Computation and Control (HSCC 2026), and

17th ACM/IEEE International Conference on Cyber-Physical Systems(ICCPS).

HSCC/ICCPS 2026 will be a collaboration between two premier conferences in the Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS) community. For the first time, the International Conference on Hybrid Systems: Computation and Control (HSCC) and the ACM/IEEE International Conference on Cyber-Physical Systems (ICCPS) will operate as a unified event with parallel sessions, joint keynotes, and a common program committee, while maintaining their distinct identities and publication venues. We are also creating a third “pillar” on AI-enabled autonomy to showcase topics in this important and rapidly emerging area. Additionally, we are providing a formal space to an existing emphasis by joining forces with the Autonomous Systems Design (ASD) Initiative which has been hosted at the DATE conference for the past 5 years.

The combined conference will accept papers in three tracks:

    Foundations,
    Systems and Applications,
    AI-enabled autonomy.

Topics of Interest

Authors should submit their best work to one of the following three tracks, which best aligns with their paper’s primary contribution:

Foundations Track

    Mathematical foundations, computability and complexity
    Formal methods for cyber-physical systems
    Analysis, verification, validation, and testing methodologies
    Modeling paradigms and techniques for hybrid systems
    Control theory for cyber-physical systems
    Programming and specification languages
    Network science and network-based control theory
    Theoretical aspects of safe autonomy
    Formally Verified Artificial Intelligence and Robotics
    Algorithmic foundations for CPS
    High assurance techniques for CPS
    Computational tools and complexity analysis
    Autonomous Systems Design (ASD) specific topics:
        Design processes for trustworthy autonomous systems
        Design, verification, test, and maintenance of autonomous systems
        HW/SW architectures for dependable and resilient autonomous systems
        Models and HW/SW mechanisms for self-X capabilities
        Mastering emergent and evolving behavior (goals, constraints, …)
        Functional safety and cybersecurity of autonomous systems

Systems/Applications Track

    CPS architectures and platforms
    Deployments and industrial applications
    Real-world case studies and testbeds
    System integration and middleware for CPS
    Sensing, actuation, and monitoring systems
    Human-machine interaction in CPS
    Security, privacy, and resilience design and implementations
    Neurosymbolic CPS
    Assurance cases for AI-enabled CPS
    Autonomous Systems Design (ASD) specific topics:
        Design processes for trustworthy autonomous systems
        Design, verification, test, and maintenance of autonomous systems
        HW/SW architectures for dependable and resilient autonomous systems
        Models and HW/SW mechanisms for self-X capabilities
        Mastering emergent and evolving behavior (goals, constraints, …)
        Functional safety and cybersecurity of autonomous systems
    CPS applications in:
        Automotive and transportation systems
        Aerospace and avionics
        Energy and smart grid systems
        Healthcare and medical devices
        Manufacturing and Industry 4.0
        Robotics and autonomous systems
        Smart cities and infrastructure
        Agriculture and environmental monitoring

AI Enabled Autonomy Track

Topics include, but are not limited to:

    Generative AI for cyber-physical systems
    Foundation models and transformers for CPS
    Safe learning and verification of AI-enabled CPS
    Neurosymbolic approaches to autonomy
    Physics-informed machine learning
    Explainable AI for safety-critical systems
    Learning-based control and planning
    Data-driven modeling and analysis
    AI-based situational awareness and decision-making
    Autonomous Systems Design (ASD) specific topics:
        Design processes for trustworthy autonomous systems
        Design, verification, test, and maintenance of autonomous systems
        HW/SW architectures for dependable and resilient autonomous systems
        Models and HW/SW mechanisms for self-X capabilities
        Mastering emergent and evolving behavior (goals, constraints, …)
        Functional safety and cybersecurity of autonomous systems

We are also joining forces with the Autonomous Systems Design (ASD) Initiative which has been hosted at the DATE conference for the past 5 years. ASD-specific topics have been integrated into each of the three pillars of this conference. 

For 2026, the publication venues will be selected by authors, according to the relevant conference (HSCC or ICCPS).


Unified Submission Process

    All papers will be submitted through the hotcrp conference management system (submission link will be posted on the conference page: http://hscc.acm.org/2026 ).
    Authors must indicate their (a) target track and (b) publication venue preference (HSCC or ICCPS) at submission time 
    Papers will be reviewed by a unified program committee with expertise spanning all the relevant areas.
        PC may decide to move papers across tracks, if appropriate, while informing the authors. 
    Common submission format and guidelines for submission.
        All submissions must use the ACM two column conference submission format. 
        The format for the final, camera ready papers will differ for the two conferences.
        Instructions will be provided to authors of accepted papers at the appropriate time. 

Publication Venues

    Accepted papers will be published in the proceedings of the conference selected during submission time.
    All accepted papers will be presented at the joint conference with equal visibility in one of the three parallel tracks.
    Authors who choose to publish in the IEEE proceedings will need to convert their papers to a new style but will receive an adequate page limit for the camera-ready version to enable such conversion.
    Papers must clearly indicate their primary contribution (Foundations vs. Systems/Applications vs. AI-enabled Autonomy).


Paper Categories


Regular Papers

    Maximum 10 pages (excluding references) : Full technical contributions with comprehensive evaluation.

Short papers

    Maximum 6 pages(including references): Short papers can include work-in-progress, position papers, tool-papers, or focused contributions.

Artifact Evaluation

Authors of accepted papers are encouraged to participate in artifact evaluation. Papers passing this process will receive appropriate badges. Participation or justification for non-participation will be considered for best paper award eligibility.

The artifact evaluation process will run after the acceptance notifications, and the important dates for this process along with detailed instructions will appear by January 2026.
Special Issues in Journals

Selected papers will be invited to submit extended versions to:

    ACM Transactions on Cyber-Physical Systems
    Non-Linear Analysis : Hybrid Systems (details to be finalized)

Important Dates

    Abstract Submission Deadline: November 6, 2025 AoE.
    Submission Deadline: November 13, 2025 AoE.
    Repeatability Evaluation Submission: November 20, 2025 AoE.
    Rebuttal Period: January 7-11, AoE.
    Notification Deadline: January 29, 2026 AoE.
    Repeatability Evaluation: March 10, 2026 AoE.
    Camera ready: March 31, 2026 AoE.
    Conference dates: May 11-14, 2026

