CALL FOR PAPERS and WORKSHOP PROPOSALS.

Here is both a call for papers (18/23 Jan) and a call for workshop proposals (30 Nov) for LICS 2023 (June 2023).


Thirty-Eighth Annual ACM/IEEE Symposium on
LOGIC IN COMPUTER SCIENCE (LICS)
Boston, June 2023
https://lics.siglog.org/lics23/

SCOPE

The LICS Symposium is an annual international forum on theoretical and practical topics in computer science that relate to logic, broadly construed. We invite submissions on topics that fit under that rubric. Suggested, but not exclusive, topics of interest include: automata theory, automated deduction, categorical models and logics, concurrency and distributed computation, constraint programming, constructive mathematics, database theory, decision procedures, description logics, domain theory, finite model theory, formal aspects of program analysis, formal methods, foundations of computability, foundations of probabilistic, real-time and hybrid systems, games and logic, higher-order logic, knowledge representation and reasoning, lambda and combinatory calculi, linear logic, logic programming, logical aspects of AI, logical aspects of bioinformatics, logical aspects of computational complexity, logical aspects of quantum computation, logical frameworks, logics of programs, modal and temporal logics, model checking, process calculi, programming language semantics, proof theory, reasoning about security and privacy, rewriting, type systems, type theory, and verification.


IMPORTANT DATES FOR PAPERS

Authors are required to submit a paper title and a short abstract of about 100 words in advance of submitting the extended abstract of the paper. The exact deadline time on these dates is given by anywhere on earth (AoE).

Titles and Short Abstracts Due: 18 January 2023
Full Papers Due: 23 January 2023
Author Feedback/Rebuttal Period: 15-19 March 2023
Author Notification: 5 April 2023
Conference: 26-29 June 2023.

Submission deadlines are firm; late submissions will not be considered. All submissions will be electronic via easychair.


PAPER SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS

Every full paper must be submitted in the IEEE Proceedings 2-column 10pt format and may be at most 12 pages, excluding references. Latex style files and further submission information is at https://lics.siglog.org/lics23/cfp.php.

LICS 2023 will use a lightweight double-blind reviewing process. Please see the website for further details and requirements from the double-blind process.

The official publication date may differ from the first day of the conference. The official publication date may affect the deadline for any patent filings related to published work. We will clarify the official publication date in due course.

--

LICS 2023 Call for Workshop Proposals

Researchers and practitioners are invited to submit proposals for workshops on topics relating logic -- broadly construed -- to computer science or related fields. Typically, LICS workshops feature a number of invited speakers and a number of contributed presentations. LICS workshops do not usually produce formal proceedings. However, in the past there have been special issues of journals based in part on certain LICS workshops.

Proposals should include:
   -  A short scientific summary and justification of the proposed
      topic. This should include a discussion of the particular
      benefits of the topic to the LICS community.
   -  Potential invited speakers.
   -  Procedures for selecting participants and papers.
   -  Plans for dissemination (for example, special issues of journals).
   -  The proposed duration, which is one or two days.
   -  A discussion of the proposed format and agenda.
   -  Expected number of participants, providing data on previous years
      if the workshop has already been organised in the past.

Proposals should be sent to Valentin Blot: lics23-workshops at valentinblot.org

IMPORTANT DATES FOR WORKSHOP PROPOSALS
  - Submission deadline: November 30, 2022
  - Notification: mid-December, 2022
  - Program of the workshops ready: May 24, 2023
  - Workshops: June 24-25, 2023
  - LICS conference: June 26-29, 2023

The workshops selection committee consists of the LICS Workshops Chair, the LICS General Chair, the LICS PC Chair and the LICS Conference Chair.
