 CALL FOR PAPERS

Thirty-Fourth Annual ACM/IEEE Symposium on
LOGIC IN COMPUTER SCIENCE (LICS)

24-27 June 2019, Vancouver

https://lics.siglog.org/lics19/
SCOPE

The LICS Symposium is an annual international forum on theoretical and practical topics in computer science that relate to logic, broadly construed. We invite submissions on topics that fit under that rubric.

Suggested, but not exclusive, topics of interest include: automata theory, automated deduction, categorical models and logics, concurrency and distributed computation, constraint programming, constructive mathematics, database theory, decision procedures, description logics, domain theory, finite model theory, formal aspects of program analysis, formal methods, foundations of computability, games and logic, higher-order logic, lambda and combinatory calculi, linear logic, logic in artificial intelligence, logic programming, logical aspects of bioinformatics, logical aspects of computational complexity, logical aspects of quantum computation, logical frameworks, logics of programs, modal and temporal logics, model checking, probabilistic systems, process calculi, programming language semantics, proof theory, real-time systems, reasoning about security and privacy, rewriting, type systems and type theory, and verification.


IMPORTANT DATES

Authors are required to submit a paper title and a short abstract of about 100 words in advance of submitting the extended abstract of the paper. The exact deadline time on these dates is given by anywhere on earth (AoE).

Titles and Short Abstracts Due:      4 January 2019
Full Papers Due:                     11 January 2019
Author Feedback/Rebuttal Period:     4-8 March 2019
Author Notification:                 29 March 2019

Deadlines are firm; late submissions will not be considered. All
submissions will be electronic via
https://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=lics2019.


SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS

Every extended abstract must be submitted in the IEEE Proceedings 2-column 10pt format and may be at most 12 pages, excluding references. LaTeX style files are available on the conference website; please use IEEEtran.cls version V1.8b, released on 26/08/2015.

The extended abstract must be in English and provide sufficient detail to allow the program committee to assess the merits of the paper. It should begin with a succinct statement of the issues, a summary of the main results, and a brief explanation of their significance and relevance to the conference and to computer science, all phrased for the non-specialist. Technical development directed to the specialist should follow. References and comparisons with related work must be included. (If necessary, detailed proofs of technical results may be included in a clearly-labeled appendix, to be consulted at the discretion of program committee members.) Submissions not conforming to the above requirements will be rejected without further consideration. Paper selection will be merit-based, with no a priori limit on the number of accepted papers. Papers authored or co-authored by members of the program committee are not allowed.

Results must be unpublished and not submitted for publication elsewhere, including the proceedings of other symposia or workshops. The program chair must be informed, in advance of submission, of any closely related work submitted or about to be submitted to a conference or journal. Authors of accepted papers are expected to sign copyright release forms. One author of each accepted paper is expected to present it at the conference.


KLEENE AWARD FOR BEST STUDENT PAPER

An award in honour of the late Stephen C. Kleene will be given for the best student paper(s), as judged by the program committee.


SPECIAL ISSUES

Full versions of up to three accepted papers, to be selected by the program committee, will be invited for submission to the Journal of the ACM. Additional selected papers will be invited to a special issue of Logical Methods in Computer Science.
