The deadlines have been extended by one week and are strict!

    January 17, 2018: Abstract submission (strict deadline)
    January 22, 2019 (AoE): Submission of Papers
    March 1, 2018: Notification


[Please accept our apologies for duplicates]

39th INT. CONF. ON APPLICATIONS AND THEORY OF PETRI NETS AND CONCURRENCY Bratislava, Slovakia, June 24-29, 2018 Co-located with the 18th International Conference on Application of Concurrency to System Design (ACSD 2018) Full Call for Papers (PDF): http://interes.institute/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/CfPPN-18.pdf Conference web-site: http://interes.institute/petrinets2018/ Contact: pn2018@interes.institute Important dates:

    Abstract submission (extended): January 17, 2018
    Submission of Papers (extended): January 22, 2018
    Notification: March 1, 2018
    Final Version Due: March 15, 2018
    Participation in Tool Exhibition: June 1, 2018
    Workshops & Tutorials: June 24-26, 2018
    Main Conference: June 27-29, 2018

The 39th annual international Petri Nets conference will be organized by the Interes.Institute in Bratislava in cooperation with Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Information Technology and Faculty of Informatics and Information Technologies, Slovak University of Technology in Bratislava, Slovak Republic. The conference will take place at Hotel Austria Trend, Vysoka street 2A, 811 06 Bratislava, Slovak Republic. The language of the conference is English, and its proceedings will be published by Springer-Verlag in Lecture Notes in Computer Science. Papers presenting original research on application or theory of Petri nets, as well as contributions addressing topics relevant to the general field of distributed and concurrent systems are sought. All accepted regular papers will be considered for an "Outstanding Paper" award. Some of the best papers will be invited, in an extended form, as submissions to a special issue of a well-established computer science journal.

Submission web-site: EasyChair, https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=petrinets2018
Submissions guidelines and instructions can be found in the full CfP, see the link above.

Two kinds of papers can be submitted:

- regular papers (max 20 pages) describing original results pertaining  to the development of the theory of Petri nets and distributed and concurrent systems in general, new results extending the applicability  of Petri Nets, or case studies, application and experience reports pertinent to the practical use of Petri nets and concurrency.

- tool papers (max 10 pages) describing a computer tool based on Petri nets (not an application of the tool or the theory behind the tool).
 The tool should be available for use by other groups (but not necessarily for free). The submission should indicate how the reviewers can get access to the tool (this must be for free). The  tool will be demonstrated in the Tool Exhibition, in addition to being presented in a conference talk.

Possible topics include, but are not limited to:

    Model checking and verification of distributed systems
    Verification of infinite-state or parametric systems
    Causality/partial order theory of concurrency
    Educational issues related to concurrency
    New developments in the theory of concurrency
    Modelling of hardware and biological systems
    System design using nets
    Analysis and synthesis, structure and behaviour of nets
    Relationships between Petri nets and other approaches
    Net-based semantical, logical and algebraic calculi
    Symbolic net representation (graphical or textual)
    Computer tools for nets
    Experience with using nets, case studies
    Higher-level net models
    Timed and stochastic nets
    Standardisation of nets
    Experience reports describing applications of nets to different kinds of systems and application fields, e.g.: flexible manufacturing systems, real-time systems, embedded systems, biological systems, health and medical systems, environmental systems, hardware telecommunications, railway networks, component-based development, office automation, workflows, process mining, supervisory control, protocols and networks, Internet and web services, e-commerce and trading, programming languages, performance evaluation, operations research

