Call for Papers -- MEMOCODE 2024 22nd ACM/IEEE International Symposium
on Formal Methods and Models for System Design October 03-04, 2024,
RALEIGH, NC, USA - Part of ESWEEK 2024 -

https://memocode2024.github.io/ [1]

https://esweek.org/memocode/ [2] IMPORTANT DATES
·       Abstract submission deadline: May 27, 2024
·       Paper submission deadline: May 27, 2024
·       Notification of acceptance: Jul 08, 2024
·       Final version of papers: Jul 29, 2024
·       Conference: Oct 03-04, 2024

MEMOCODE brings together researchers and practitioners interested in
formal methods for system design and development, to exchange ideas,
research results and lessons learned. The symposium focuses on the
foundations and applications of formal methods in the development of
hardware, firmware, middleware, and application software for systems,
ranging from single embedded devices to highly networked cyber-physical
systems and the Internet of Things. MEMOCODE 2024 is a part of ESWEEK
2024, which will take place in RALEIGH, NC, USA. Registered attendees
can attend sessions in any of the online events, including the
conferences (CASES, CODES+ISSS, EMSOFT), symposia, tutorials, workshops,
and education classes. Confirmed keynote speakers are Sanjit Seshia
(University of California, Berkeley), and Taylor Johnson (Vanderbilt
University).

TOPICS OF INTEREST MEMOCODE solicits research papers on formal methods
in system design that address the foundations, engineering methods,
tools, or experimental case studies. Research areas of interest include,
but are not limited to, the following: * Modeling Languages, Methods,
and Tools Programming languages and models; software and system modeling
languages; architecture and high-level hardware description languages;
timing models; model and program synthesis methods; model transformation
methods. * Formal Methods and Tools Correct-by-construction methods;
contract-based design and verification; static, dynamic, and type
theoretic analysis; verification; validation; probabilistic model
checking; test generation; refinement-based and compositional approaches
to design and verification. * Models and Methods for Developing Critical
Systems Fault-tolerant systems; security-critical and safety-critical
systems; cyber-physical systems; hybrid systems; autonomous systems;
self-adapting systems; systems that merge humans, artificial
intelligence, and cyber-physical systems; societal-scale cyber-physical
systems, such as connected vehicles and smart grids. *
Quantitative/Qualitative Reasoning Power/performance/cost/latency
estimation methods; system models for quantitative design space
exploration * Formal Methods/Models in Practice Design case studies;
empirical case studies SUBMISSIONS MEMOCODE calls for three kinds of
submissions: regular papers, work-in-progress papers, and tool
presentations. All papers must be written in English and formatted
according to the IEEE Computer Society guidelines. Submission of papers
is handled via hotCPR (https://memocode24.hotcrp.com [3]). * Regular
papers are no longer than 10 pages, excluding bibliography and
appendices. They should describe original work that does not overlap
with another publication or a submission under review or accepted for
publication by any other conference or journal. Reviewers will check
regular papers for the soundness and novelty of the proposed solutions.
* Tool papers are no longer than 8 pages, excluding bibliography and
appendices. They should describe an existing and publicly available tool
that implements relevant methods. The methods might have been published
before, but the tool should not have been described in a tool paper
previously. In addition to reviewing the paper, reviewers will assess
the tool itself using inputs and a user's manual provided by the authors
on the tool's web page. * Work-in-progress (WIP) papers are no longer
than 4 pages, excluding bibliography and appendices. They should
describe ongoing work. Reviewers will judge the novelty of the idea, but
do not yet expect proofs for the envisioned results. For questions
regarding technical submissions, feel free to contact one of the program
committee co-chairs. All accepted papers (regular papers, WIP papers,
and tool papers) will be published as IEEE conference proceedings with
IEEE eXpress. Publication in the proceedings is contingent on one author
registering for and presenting the paper at the conference. We may also
plan for a special issue of the ACM Transactions on Embedded Computing
Systems for which selected papers will be invited for publication. The
Program Committee will also select 1-2 papers for the Best Paper Award.

GENERAL CHAIRS Stephen A. Edwards, Columbia University, USA Claire
Pagetti, ONERA, France

PROGRAM CHAIRS Qi Zhu, Northwestern University, USA Srinivas Pinisetty,
Indian Institute of Technology Bhubaneswar, India

STEERING COMMITTEE CHAIR Jean-Pierre Talpin, Inria, France
PROGRAM COMMITTEE
Ansuman Banerjee, Indian Statistical Institute, India
Chao Huang, University of Southampton, United Kingdom
Doron Peled, Bar Ilan University, Israel
Elizabeth Leonard, Naval Research Laboratory, United States
Eunsuk Kang, Carnegie Mellon University, United States
Inigo Incer, California Institute of Technology, United States
Jean-Pierre Talpin, Inria, Rennes, France
Jürgen Teich, University of Erlangen-Nuremberg, Germany
Katell Morin-Allory, TIMA Laboratory, France
Khaza Anuarul Hoque, University of Missouri, United States
Klaus Schneider, University of Kaiserslautern, Germany
Luan Nguyen, University of Dayton, United States
Luciano Lavagno, Politecnico di Torino, Italy
Marjan Sirjani, Malardalen University, Sweden
Martin Fränzle, Carl von Ossietzky Universität Oldenburg, Germany
Matthew Kuo, Auckland University of Technology, New Zealand
Partha Roop, University of Auckland, New Zealand
Patricia Derler, Zoox, United States
Pavithra Prabhakar, Kansas State University, United States
Pierluigi Nuzzo, University of Southern California, United States
Purandar Bhaduri, IIT Guwahati, India
Reinhard von Hanxleden, Kiel University, Germany
Rick Kuhn, Natl Institute of Standards & Technology, United States
Roberto Passerone, University of Trento, Italy
Sandeep Shukla, Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur, India
Sanjiva Prasad, Indian Institute of Technology Delhi, India
Shuvra Bhattacharyya, University of Maryland, United States and INSA/IETR, France
Stavros Tripakis, Northeastern University, United States
Sven Schewe, University of Liverpool, United Kingdom
Thao Dang, CNRS/VERIMAG, France
Wenchao Li, Boston University, United States
Xin Chen, University of New Mexico, United States
Xuandong Li, Nanjing University, China

Links:
------
[1] https://memocode2024.github.io/
[2] https://esweek.org/memocode/
[3] https://memocode24.hotcrp.com/
