*Call for papers: 16th International Colloquium on Theoretical Aspects of Computing (ICTAC 2019).
			
			http://ictac2019.redcad.org

(Apologies if you have received multiple copies of this call for papers)


We are pleased to invite you to submit papers for the 16th International Colloquium on Theoretical Aspects of Computing (ICTAC 2019), which will be held from 30th October to 4th November 2019, in Hammamet, Tunisia. 
The aim of the colloquium is to bring together practitioners and researchers from academia, industry and government to present research results, and exchange experience, ideas, and solutions for their problems in theoretical aspects of computing. 
ICTAC also aims to promote research cooperation between developing and industrial countries. 

The important dates are:

 

Abstract submission: 5 May 2019 19 May 2019 (23:59 AoE): extended deadline 

Full papers submission: 12 May 2019 26 May 2019 (23:59 AoE): extended deadline  

Notifications: 21 July 2019

Final versions: 11 August 2019

Conference: 30 October to 4 November 2019

Proceedings: 
The proceedings will be published as a volume of Springer's LNCS series.	
	
Special issue:
Authors of the best contributions will be invited to submit a revised and extended version to a special issue, to be published in Elsevier's Theoretical Computer Science.

Invited Speakers:
Thomas A. Henzinger, Institute of Science and Technology, Austria
Patrick Cousot, Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences, New York University, USA
Dominique MÈry, University of Lorraine, France


Topics of interest include, but are not limited to, the following:
    Languages and automata
    Semantics of programming languages
    Logic in computer science
    Lambda calculus, type theory and category theory
    Domain-specific languages
    Theories of concurrency and mobility
    Theories of distributed, grid and cloud computing
    Models of objects and components
    Coordination models
    Models of software architectures
    Autonomous systems
    Timed, hybrid, embedded and cyber-physical systems
    Static analysis
    Software verification
    Software testing
    Program generation and transformation
    Model checking and automated theorem proving
    Interactive theorem proving
    Verified software, formalized programming theory

We solicit the following types of papers:
	- Regular papers, with original research contributions;
	- Short papers, with original work in progress or with proposals of new ideas and emerging challenges; 
	- Tool papers, on tools that support formal techniques for software modeling, system design, and verification. 

Submissions must adhere to the LNCS format. Regular papers should not exceed 18 pages (excluding bibliography of maximum 2 pages). 
Short and tool papers should not exceed 10 pages.

Submissions must not have been published or be under consideration for publication elsewhere. 
All submissions will be judged on the basis of originality, contribution to the field, technical and presentation quality, and relevance to the conference.

Each paper submission will be reviewed by at least three members of the Programme Committee. 
All contributions to ICTAC 2019 have to be submitted electronically in PDF format via Easy Chair (https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ictac2019)and have to follow the Springer LNCS paper format. 
One author of each accepted paper must attend the conference to present it, having paid the regular registration fee.

The ICTAC committee will evaluate and select the best paper award winner. The winner will receive an award. 

Steering Committee:
    Ana Cavalcanti (University of York, UK) (chair)
    Martin Leucker (Universität zu Lübeck, DE)
    Zhiming Liu (Southwest University, CN)
    Tobias Nipkow (Technische Universität München, DE)
    Augusto Sampaio (Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, BR)
    Natarajan Shankar (SRI International, US)


General chairs:
	Mohamed Jmaiel, University of Sfax, Tunisia 
	Walid Gaaloul, Paris-Saclay University, France

Programme chairs:
	Robert M. Hierons, University of Sheffield, UK
	Mohamed Mosbah, LaBRI, Bordeaux INP, FR


Programme Committee (provisional/draft)
    Eric Badouel (IRISA, FR)
    Kamel Barkaoui (CEDRIC - CNAM, FR)
    FrÈdÈric Blanqui (INRIA, FR)
    Eduardo Bonelli (Universidad Nacional de Quilmes, AR)
    Ana Cavalcanti (University of York, UK)
    Uli Fahrenberg (LIX, FR)
    Adrian Francalanza (University of Malta, MT) 
    Ahmed Hadj Kacem (University of Sfax, TN)
    Edward Hermann Haeusler (PontifÌcia Universidade CatÛlica do Rio de Janeiro, BR)
    Ross Horne (Nanyang Technological University, SG) 
    David Janin (University of Bordeaux, FR)
    Jan Kretinsky (Technische Universität München, DE)
    Martin Leucker (Universität zu Lübeck, DE) 
    Radu Mardare (Aalborg Universitet, DK) 
    Dominique MÈry (LORIA, FR)
    Mohammadreza Mousavi (University of Leicester, UK)
    Tobias Nipkow (Technische Universität München, DE)
    Maciej PirÛg (Wroclaw University, PL) 
    Sanjiva Prasad (IIT Delhi, IN)
    Riadh Robbana (University of Carthage, TN)
    Augusto Sampaio (Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, BR) 
    Georg Struth (University of Sheffield, UK)
    Cong Tian (Xidian University, CN)
    Tarmo Uustalu (Reykjavik University, IS / Tallinn University of Technology, EE)
