------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ICTAC 2023 - Final Call for Papers
20th International Colloquium on Theoretical Aspects of Computing
04-08 December 2023, Lima - Peru
https://ictac2023.compsust.utec.edu.pe/
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NEWS: DEADLINE EXTENDED and SPECIAL ISSUE JOURNAL

- The submission deadline for ICTAC has been extended by two weeks. New firm
 deadlines are 25 June (abstract) and 02 July (paper). However, authors are
 encouraged to submit abstracts as soon as possible to ease the planning of
 the reviewing process.

- Authors of a selected subset of accepted papers will be invited to submit
 an extended version of their papers to a special issue in the journal
 Theoretical Computer Science (TCS):
 https://www.sciencedirect.com/journal/theoretical-computer-science

ABOUT PROTESTS IN PERU

 We are continuously monitoring the political situation in the host country Peru,
 which faced violent protests in 2022 also affecting travelers. To the best of our
 knowledge, this situation has calmed down. If protests erupt again, we will work
 closely with the ICTAC Steering Committee to choose the best feasible solution.

IMPORTANT DATES

 *NEW* abstract deadline: 25 June 2023 (AoE)
 *NEW* submission deadline: 02 July 2023 (AoE)
 Notification: 10 September 2023 (AoE)
 Camera ready: 25 September 2023 (AoE)

SCOPE

 The ICTAC conferenc e series aims at bringing together researchers
 and practitioners from academia, industry, and government to present
 research and exchange ideas and experiences within theoretical aspects
 of computing through methods and tools for system development.
 ICTAC also aims to promote research cooperation between developing
 and industrial countries.

TOPICS

 The conference concerns all aspects of theoretical computer science,
 including, but not limited to:

 - Languages and automata
 - Semantics of programming languages
 - Logic in computer science
 - Lambda calculus, type theory, and category theory
 - Domain-specific languages
 - Theories of concurrency and mobility
 - Theories of distributed computing
 - Models of objects and components
 - Coordination models
 - Timed, hybrid, embedded, and c yber-physical systems
 - Security and privacy
 - Static analysis
 - Software verification
 - Software testing
 - Program generation and transformation
 - Model checking and theorem proving
 - Theory and methods of trustworthy AI
 - Applications and experiences

SUBMISSIONS

 We solicit submissions, related to the topics of ICTAC, in the
 following categories:

 A. original research contributions;
 B. short papers, with original work in progress or with proposals of
    new ideas and emerging challenges; and
 C. tool papers on tools that support formal techniques for software
    modeling, system design, and verification.

 Submissions must not exceed 16 pages (excluding bibliography of
 maximum 2 pages). Short and tool papers should not exceed 8 pages.

 Submissions must not have been published or be under consideration for
 publication elsewhere. All submissions will be judged on the basis
 of originality, contribution to the field, technical and presentation
 quality, and relevance to the conference’s topics.

 All contributions to ICTAC 2023 have to be submitted electronically
 in PDF format via Easy Chair

 https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ictac20230

 Papers must be formatted according to the guidelines for Springer LNCS
 papers (see http://www.springer.com/lncs), without modifications of
 margins and other space-saving measures. Authors should therefore consult
 Springer’s authors’ instructions and use their proceedings templates,
 either for LaTeX or for Word, for the preparation of their papers.
 Springer encourages authors to include their ORCIDs in their papers.

PUBLICATIO N

 All accepted papers in categories A-C will appear in the proceedings of
 the conference that will be published as a volume in Springer’s Lecture
 Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series.

 All accepted papers must be presented at the conference. Their authors must
 be prepared to sign a copyright transfer statement. At least one author of
 each accepted paper must register for the conference by the early
 registration date, and present the paper.

 We will have a special issue at the journal (TCS) Theoretical Computer
 Science: https://www.sciencedirect.com/journal/theoretical-computer-science.
 We will invite selected accepted papers from ICTAC 2023 to submit an extended
 versions of their contribution to the special issue.
