ICTAC 2026
The 23rd International Colloquium on Theoretical Aspects of Computing
9-15 of November, 2026
Bariloche, Argentina

https://ictac2026.github.io/


IMPORTANT DATES (DEADLINES EXTENDED)

 Abstract deadline (EXTENDED): 14-Jun-2026 (AoE)
 Submission deadline (EXTENDED): 22-Jun-2026 (AoE)
 Notification: 10-Aug-2026 (AoE)
 Camera ready: 31-Aug-2026 (AoE)

 Postgraduate School: 9 and 10 Nov-2026
 Conference: 11 to 13 Nov-2026
 Satellite Workshops: 14 and 15 Nov-2026

SCOPE

 The ICTAC conference series aims at bringing together researchers and
 practitioners from academia, industry, and government to present
 research and exchange ideas and experiences within theoretical
 aspects of computing through methods and tools for system
 development.  ICTAC also aims to promote research cooperation between
 developing and industrial countries.

COLLOCATED EVENTS

 ICTAC 2026 will be preceded by the ICTAC Postgraduate School on
 Formal Methods for Building Mission-Critical Systems, a two days
 event targeted to master’s and Ph.D. students, early-stage
 researchers, and lecturers in computer science and mathematics.

 The conference will be followed by satellite workshops, including

 - the Industry Day
 - Workshop on Verification & Validation & Runtime Analysis around the
   Hardware/Software Boundary


INVITED SPEAKERS

 Erika Ábrahám (RWTH Aachen University, DE)
 Pablo Barceló (Pontifical Catholic University of Chile - IMFD - CENIA, CL)
 Nazareno Aguirre (National University of Rio Cuarto, AR)

TOPICS

 The conference concerns all aspects of theoretical computer science,
 including, but not limited to:

 - Languages and automata
 - Semantics of programming languages
 - Logic in computer science
 - Lambda calculus, type theory, and category theory
 - Domain-specific languages
 - Theories of concurrency and mobility
 - Theories of distributed computing
 - Models of objects and components
 - Coordination models, timed, hybrid, embedded, and cyber-physical systems
 - Security and privacy
 - Static analysis
 - Software verification
 - Software testing
 - Program generation and transformation
 - Model checking and theorem proving
 - Theory and methods of trustworthy AI
 - Applications and experiences.

VENUE

 ICTAC 2026 will be held in San Carlos de Bariloche, located in the
 Patagonian Andes of Argentina, one of the most beautiful destinations
 in South America. Surrounded by mountains, forests, and lakes,
 Bariloche offers stunning landscapes, outdoor activities, and a
 vibrant cultural life.

 The conference will take place at the NH Bariloche Edelweiss Hotel, a
 modern facility located near the city center with easy access to
 restaurants, and public transport.

SUBMISSIONS

 We solicit submissions, related to the topics of ICTAC, in the
 following categories:

 A. original research contributions;
 B. short papers, with original work in progress or with proposals of
    new ideas and emerging challenges; and
 C. tool papers on tools that support formal techniques for software
    modeling, system design, and verification.

 Submissions of regular papers must not exceed 16 pages and short and
 tool papers should not exceed 8 pages, in both cases excluding
 bibliography of 2 pages maximum.

 Submissions must not have been published or be under consideration
 for publication elsewhere. All submissions will be judged on the
 basis of originality, contribution to the field, technical and
 presentation quality, and relevance to the conference’s topics.

 All contributions to ICTAC 2026 have to be submitted electronically
 in PDF format via Easy Chair

 https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ictac2026

 Papers must be formatted according to the guidelines for Springer
 LNCS papers (see https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs),
 without modifications of margins and other space-saving
 measures. Authors should therefore consult Springer’s authors’
 instructions and use their proceedings templates, either for LaTeX or
 for Word, for the preparation of their papers. Springer encourages
 authors to include their ORCIDs in their papers.

PUBLICATION

 All accepted papers in categories A-C will appear in the proceedings
 of the conference that will be published as a volume in Springer’s
 Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series.

 All accepted papers must be presented at the conference. Their
 authors must be prepared to sign a copyright transfer statement. At
 least one author of each accepted paper must register for the
 conference by the early registration date, and present the paper.

GENERAL CHAIRS

 Carlos Lopez Pombo (National University of Río Negro - CONICET, AR)
 Pablo Francisco Castro (National University of Río Cuarto - CONICET, AR)

PROGRAM COMMITTEE CHAIRS

 Pedro R. D'Argenio (National University of Córdoba - CONICET, AR)
 Ana Sokolova (University of Salzburg, AT)

PROGRAM COMMITTEE

 Giovanni Bacci (Aalborg University, DK)
 Christel Baier (TU Dresden, DE)
 Gilles Barthe (MPI Institute for Security and Privacy, DE)
 Ezio Bartocci (TU Wien, AT)
 Maurice ter Beek (CNR-ISTI, IT)
 Roberto Bruni (University of Pisa, IT)
 Carlos E. Budde (Technical University of Denmark, DK)
 Alessandro Cimatti (Fondazione Bruno Kessler, IT)
 Clemens Dubslaff (Eindhoven University of Technology, NL)
 Uli Fahrenberg (LMF, Paris-Saclay University, FR)
 Martin Fränzle (Carl von Ossietzky Universität Oldenburg, DE)
 Diego Garbervetsky (University of Buenos Aires, AR)
 Rob van Glabbeek (University of Edinburgh, UK)
 Arnd Hartmanns (University of Twente, NL)
 Peter Höfner (Australian National University, AU)
 Justin Hsu (Cornell University, US)
 David N. Jansen (Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences, CN)
 Sebastian Junges (Radboud University, NL)
 Violet Ka I Pun (Western Norway University of Applied Sciences, NO)
 Mayuko Kori (RIMS, Kyoto University, JP)
 Martin Leucker (University of Lübeck, DE)
 Mieke Massink (CNR-ISTI, IT)
 Jorge A. Pérez (University of Groningen, NL)
 Elaine Pimentel (University College London, UK)
 Anne Remke (University of Münster, DE)
 Tamara Rezk (INRIA Côte d'Azur, Université Côte d'Azur, FR)
 César Sánchez (IMDEA Software Institute, ES)
 Gerardo Schneider (University of Gothenburg, SE)
 B Srivathsan (Chennai Mathematical Institute, IN)
 Mahsa Varshosaz (IT University of Copenhagen, DK)
 Thorsten Wißmann (Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg, DE)

STEERING COMMITTEE

 Martin Leucker (Chair) (University of Lübeck, DE)
 Zhiming Liu (Southwest University, CN)
 Tobias Nipkow (Technische Universität München, DE)
 Augusto Sampaio (Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, BR)
 Natarajan Shankar (SRI, US)
 Tarmo Uustalu (Reykjavik University, IS)