
                                Call for Talks


         9th International Workshop on Synthesis of Complex Parameters
                                 (SynCoP 2024)

                             April 6th - 7th, 2024
                          Affiliated with ETAPS 2024
                          Luxembourg City, Luxembourg

https://sites.lipn.univ-paris13.fr/workshops/syncop24



SynCoP 2024 aims at bringing together researchers working on verification and
parameter synthesis for systems with discrete or continuous parameters, in
which the parameters influence the behaviour of the system in ways that are
complex and difficult to predict. Such problems may arise for real-time, hybrid
or probabilistic systems in a large variety of application domains. The
parameters can be continuous (e.g. timing, probabilities, costs) or discrete
(e.g. number of processes). The goal can be to identify suitable parameters to
achieve desired behaviour, or to verify the behaviour for a given range of
parameter values.

Systems composed of a finite but possibly arbitrary number of identical
components occur everywhere from hardware design (e.g. cache coherence
protocols) to distributed applications (e.g. client-server applications).
Parameterised verification is the task of verifying the correctness of this
kind of systems regardless the number of their components.

The scientific subject of the workshop covers (but is not limited to) the
following areas:

* parameter synthesis,
* parametric model checking,
* regular model checking,
* robustness analysis,
* parameterised logics, decidability and complexity issues,
* formalisms such as parametric timed and hybrid automata, parametric time(d)
  Petri nets, parametric probabilistic (timed) automata, parametric Markov
  Decision Processes, networks of identical processes,
* specifications in automata and logic, term and graph rewriting, Petri nets,
  process algebra, ...
* validation methods via assertional and regular model checking, reachability
  and coverability decision procedures, abstractions, theorem proving,
  constraint solving, ...
* interactions between discrete and continuous parameters,
* tools and applications to hardware design, cache coherence protocols,
  security and communication protocols, multithreaded and concurrent programs,
  programs with relaxed memory models, mobile and distributed systems, database
  languages and systems, biological systems, ...

We thus invite short abstracts that present recently published works, ongoing
works, or works under submission.

SUBMISSION GUIDELINES

SynCoP seeks short abstracts only.

The page limit is *3 pages* (excluding bibliography) in single column. All
accepted abstracts will be made available to the participants of the workshop
but they will not result in referenced publications.

Authors of accepted abstracts will be required to give an informal presentation
during the workshop.

Submission must be in English and submitted in PDF format via a simple email to
syncop24@lipn.univ-paris13.fr.

IMPORTANT DATES (AoE)

 * Submission: February 4, 2024, extended to February 25, 2024
 * Notification: February 26, 2024
 * Final version: March 17, 2024
 * Workshop: April 6-7, 2024

GENERAL CHAIRS

Jaime Arias, CNRS, LIPN, Université Sorbonne Paris Nord, France
Guillaume Cantin, LS2N, Université de Nantes, France

STEERING COMMITTEE

Étienne André, LIPN, Université Sorbonne Paris Nord, CNRS, France
Benoît Delahaye, LS2N, Université de Nante, France
Giorgio Delzanno, Università degli studi di Genova, Italy
Peter Habermehl, Université Paris 7, CNRS, France
Kim Larsen, Aalborg University, Denmark
Wojciech Penczek, IPI-PAN, Warszawa, Poland
Laure Petrucci, LIPN, Université Sorbonne Paris Nord, CNRS, France
Jaco van de Pol, Aarhus University, Denmark

VENUE AND TRAVEL INFORMATION

SynCoP 2024 is part of the European Joint Conferences on Theory and Practice of
Software (ETAPS 2024). Information about venue and travelling in/to Luxembourg
can be found at the webpage of ETAPS.

WORKSHOP ORGANISERS AND CONTACT

All questions about the workshop should be emailed to Jaime Arias and Guillaume
Cantin at syncop24@lipn.univ-paris13.fr.
