RV 2017

*** DEADLINE EXTENSION: MAY 8 ***

Call for Papers and Tutorials           

          The 17th International Conference on Runtime Verification

          September 13-16, Seattle, WA, USA

http://rv2017.cs.manchester.ac.uk


Runtime verification is concerned with the monitoring and analysis of the runtime behaviour of software and hardware systems. Runtime verification techniques are crucial for system correctness, reliability, and robustness; they provide an additional level of rigor and effectiveness compared to conventional testing, and are generally more practical than exhaustive formal verification. Runtime verification can be used prior to deployment, for testing, verification, and debugging purposes, and after deployment for ensuring reliability, safety, and security and for providing fault containment and recovery as well as online system repair. 

Topics of interest to the conference include, but are not limited to:

    specification languages
    monitor construction techniques
    program instrumentation
    logging, recording, and replay
    combination of static and dynamic analysis
    specification mining and machine learning over runtime traces
    monitoring techniques for concurrent and distributed systems
    runtime checking of privacy and security policies
    statistical model checking
    metrics and statistical information gathering
    program/system execution visualization
    fault localization, containment, recovery and repair
    integrated vehicle health management (IVHM)

Application areas of runtime verification include cyber-physical systems, safety/mission-critical systems, enterprise and systems software, autonomous and reactive control systems, health management and diagnosis systems, and system security and privacy.

We welcome contributions exploring the combination of runtime verification techniques with machine learning and static analysis. Whilst these are highlight topics, papers falling into these categories will not be treated differently from other contributions.

An overview of previous RV conferences and earlier workshops can be found at: http://www.runtime-verification.org.

RV 2017 will be held September 13-16 in Seattle, WA, USA. RV 2017 will feature a tutorial day (September 13), and three conference days (September 14-16).
Important Dates

Papers as well as tutorial proposals will follow the following timeline:

    Abstract deadline: April 24, 2017 May 1, 2017 (Anywhere on Earth)
    Paper and tutorial deadline: May 1, 2017 May 8, 2017 (Anywhere on Earth)
    Tutorial notification: May 21, 2017
    Paper notification: June 26, 2017
    Camera-ready deadline: July 24, 2017
    Conference: September 13-16, 2017

Invited Speakers

We are very pleased to confirm the following invited speakers for RV 2017:

    Rodrigo Fonseca, Brown University, USA
    Vlad Levin and Jakob Lichtenberg, Microsoft, USA
    Andreas Zeller, Saarland University, Germany

General Information on Submissions

All papers and tutorials will appear in the conference proceedings in an LNCS volume. Submitted papers and tutorials must use the LNCS/Springer style detailed here:

http://www.springer.de/comp/lncs/authors.html

Papers must be original work and not be submitted for publication elsewhere. Papers must be written in English and submitted electronically (in PDF format) using the EasyChair submission page here:

https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=rv17

The page limitations mentioned below include all text and figures, but exclude references. Additional details omitted due to space limitations may be included in a clearly marked appendix, that will be reviewed at the discretion of reviewers, but not included in the proceedings.

At least one author of each accepted paper and tutorial must attend RV 2017 to present. 
Paper Submissions

There are three categories of papers which can be submitted: regular, short or tool papers. Papers in each category will be reviewed by at least 3 members of the Program Committee.

    Regular Papers (up to 15 pages, not including references) should present original unpublished results. We welcome theoretical papers, system papers, papers describing domain-specific variants of RV, and case studies on runtime verification.
    Short Papers (up to 6 pages, not including references) may present novel but not necessarily thoroughly worked out ideas, for example emerging runtime verification techniques and applications, or techniques and applications that establish relationships between runtime verification and other domains. 
    Tool Demonstration Papers (up to 8 pages, not including references) should present a new tool, a new tool component, or novel extensions to existing tools supporting runtime verification. The paper must include information on tool availability, maturity, selected experimental results and it should provide a link to a website containing the theoretical background and user guide. Furthermore, we strongly encourage authors to make their tools and benchmarks available with their submission.

The Program Committee of RV 2017 will give a best paper award, and a selection of accepted regular papers will be invited to appear in a special issue of the Springer Journal on Formal Methods in System Design.
Tutorial Submissions

Tutorials are two-to-three-hour presentations on a selected topic. Additionally, tutorial presenters will be offered to publish a paper of up to 20 pages in the LNCS conference proceedings, not including references.

A proposal for a tutorial must contain the subject of the tutorial, a brief abstract, a proposed format and timelines (of different parts), a note on the relevance to RV, a note on previous similar tutorials (if applicable) and the differences to this incarnation, and a brief biography of the presenter. The proposal should not exceed 2 pages.

RV-CuBES: A Workshop Replacement for the Competition

The Runtime Verification Competition will not be running in 2017. In its place a Workshop is being organised to discuss the future of the competition and showcase existing Runtime Verification tools. Please see the relevant page on the conference website for details.


Organization

General Chair

Klaus Havelund, NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory, USA

Program Chairs

Shuvendu Lahiri, Microsoft Research, USA
Giles Reger, University of Manchester, UK

Finance Chair

Oleg Sokolsky, University of Pennsylvania, USA

Publicity Chair

Ayoub Nouri, University Grenoble Alpes, France

Local Organisation Chairs

Grigory Fedyukovich, University of Washington, USA
Rahul Kumar, Microsoft Research, USA

Program Committee

Wolfgang Ahrendt, Chalmers Univ. of Technology/Univ. of Gothenburg, Sweden
Cyrille Artho, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, Sweden
Howard Barringer, The University of Manchester, UK
Ezio Bartocci, Vienna University of Technology, Austria
Andreas Bauer, KUKA Systems, Germany
Saddek Bensalem,  University of Grenoble Alpes/VERIMAG, France
Eric Bodden, Paderborn University / Fraunhofer IEM, Germany
Borzoo Bonakdarpour, McMaster University, Canada
Christian Colombo, University of Malta, Malta
Ylies Falcone, University Grenoble Alpes/Inria, France
Grigory Fedyukovich, University of Washington, USA
Lu Feng, University of Virginia, USA
Patrice Godefroid, Microsoft Research, USA
Jean Goubault-Larrecq, CNRS/ENS de Cachan, France
Alex Groce, Northern Arizona University, USA
Radu Grosu, Vienna University of Technology, Austria
Sylvain Hallé, University of Québec at Chicoutimi, Canada
Marieke Huisman, University of Twente, Netherlands
Franjo Ivancic, Google, USA
Bengt Jonsson, Uppsala University, Sweden
Felix Klaedtke, NEC Europe Ltd., Germany
Rahul Kumar, Microsoft Research, USA
Kim Larsen, Aalborg University, Denmark
Insup Lee, University of Pennsylvania, USA
Axel Legay, Inria Rennes, France
Martin Leucker, University of Lübeck, Germany
Ben Livshits, Imperial College, UK
David Lo, Singapore Management University, Singapore
Francesco Logozzo, Facebook, USA
Parthasarathy Madhusudan, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA
Leonardo Mariani, University of Milan Bicocca, Italy
Madan Musuvathi, Microsoft Research, USA
Ayoub Nouri, University of Grenoble Alpes, France
Gordon Pace, University of Malta, Malta
Doron Peled, Bar Ilan University, Israel
Veselin Raychev, ETH Zurich, Switzerland
Grigore Rosu, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA
Cesar Sanchez, IMDEA Software Institute, Spain
Gerardo Schneider, Chalmers Univ. of Technology/Univ. of Gothenburg, Sweden
Rahul Sharma, Microsoft Research, India
Julien Signoles, CEA LIST, France
Scott Smolka, Stony Brook University, USA
Oleg Sokolsky, University of Pennsylvania, USA
Bernhard Steffen, University of Dortmund, Germany
Scott Stoller, Stony Brook University, USA
Volker Stolz, Western Norway University of Applied Sciences, Norway
Frits Vaandrager, Radboud University, Netherlands
Neil Walkinshaw, University of Leicester, UK
Chao Wang, University of Southern California, USA
Eugen Zalinescu, Technische Universitat München, Germany
