
                              CALL FOR PAPERS

        1st Workshop on FORmal Techniques for REal-time SystemS 
                               (FORTRESS)

                            August 16, 2017
                            Hsinchu, Taiwan

                   http://www.onera.fr/fr/fortress-2017
                


                    Satellite workshop of RTCSA 2017
	                 https://www.rtcsa.org


            Paper submission deadline:       June 18, 2017 (extended)
            Notification of acceptance:      July 1, 2017
            Final papers due:                July 7, 2017


CALL FOR PAPERS

Many are the works proposed on timing and schedulability analysis
for guaranteeing the predictability of single- and multi-core
systems. The increasing complexity of embedded and real-time
systems requires a continuous development in design and
verification.

Formal methods are mathematics-based techniques for
the specification, development and verification of software and
hardware systems. In a certification context, industrials are
more and more encouraged to apply formal methods such as model
checking, abstract interpretation, etc. to guarantee the
fulfillment of system requirements.

Applied to real-time, formal methods can be used to model
real-time task behaviors, model task interactions and encode
real-time requirements/properties such as timing
constraints. They bring formal verification to timing and
schedulability analysis of embedded and real-time systems.
            
The Formal Techniques for Real-Time Systems (FORTRESS) workshop
provides a venue for bringing together researchers and developers
from academia and industry to promote cross-fertilization and
discuss advances dealing with the application of formal methods
to embedded and real-time systems. Of particular interest are
ideas and contributions that present significant paradigm shifts,
explore unique and unconventional approaches to important
problems, or investigate fundamental departures from conventional
wisdom in adopted solutions.


SCOPE

Suggested topics of interest include (but are not restricted to):

- formal methods (SAT-/SMT-based techniques, model checking,
  static analysis, etc.) for timing and schedulability analysis
- formal techniques for the design of embedded and real-time
  systems
- development of correct real-time systems
- verification and validation of embedded and real-time systems
- simulation-based validation and verification
- runtime verification of real-time systems     


SUBMISSIONS


Both research and industry papers are solicited. The submitted
manuscript must describe original work not previously published
and not concurrently submitted elsewhere. Submissions should be
no more than 8 pages in the IEEE conference proceedings
format (two-column, single-space, 10pt). The prospective authors
should submit their papers through the submission link at
http://www.onera.fr/fr/fortress-2017 .

Authors of accepted papers agree to attend the workshop and to
present their work during the workshop.


WORKSHOP CO-CHAIRS
            
Julien Brunel, ONERA Toulouse, France            
Luca Santinelli, ONERA Toulouse, France

PROGRAM COMMITTEE
            
Julien Brunel, ONERA Toulouse, France            
Luca Santinelli, ONERA Toulouse, France            
Wang Yi, UPPSALA University, Sweden            
Giuseppe Lipari, University of Lille, France            
Laura Carnevali, University of Florence, Italy            
Laurent Rioux, Thales Research & Technology, France            
Didier Lime, LS2N, France            
Sebastien Faucou IRCYNN Nantes, France            
René Krenz-Bååth, University of applied Sciences Hamm-Lippstadt, Germany            
Wilfried Steiner, TTTECH Austria            
Martina Maggio, LUND University, Sweden
