 [Apologies in case of multiple posting]

CALL FOR PAPERS
Workshop on FORmal Techniques for REal-time SystemS 
                               (FORTRESS)

                            September 10, 2019
                               Zaragoza, Spain

web site: http://www.etfa2019.org/ws02-workshop-on-formal-techniques-for-real-time-systems-fortress/
         

                    Satellite workshop of ETFA 2019
 

            Paper submission deadline:       June 3, 2019 (extended)
            Notification of acceptance:      June 24, 2019
            Final papers due:                July 1, 2019


CALL FOR PAPERS

Many are the works proposed on timing and schedulability analysis
for guaranteeing the predictability of single- and multi-core
systems. The increasing complexity of embedded and real-time
systems requires a continuous development in design and
verification.

Formal methods are mathematics-based techniques for
the specification, development and verification of software and
hardware systems. In a certification context, industrials are
more and more encouraged to apply formal methods such as model
checking, abstract interpretation, etc. to guarantee the
fulfillment of system requirements.

Applied to real-time, formal methods can be used to model
real-time task behaviors, model task interactions and encode
real-time requirements/properties such as timing
constraints. They bring formal verification to timing and
schedulability analysis of embedded and real-time systems.
            
The Formal Techniques for Real-Time Systems (FORTRESS) workshop
provides a venue for bringing together researchers and developers
from academia and industry to promote cross-fertilization and
discuss advances dealing with the application of formal methods
to embedded and real-time systems. Of particular interest are
ideas and contributions that present significant paradigm shifts,
explore unique and unconventional approaches to important
problems, or investigate fundamental departures from conventional
wisdom in adopted solutions.


SCOPE

Suggested topics of interest include (but are not restricted to):

- formal methods (SAT-/SMT-based techniques, model checking,
  static analysis, etc.) for timing and schedulability analysis
- formal techniques for the design of embedded and real-time
  systems
- development of correct real-time systems
- verification and validation of embedded and real-time systems
- simulation-based validation and verification
- runtime verification of real-time systems     


SUBMISSIONS

Both research and industry papers are solicited. Prospective authors
are invited to electronically submit their papers limited to eight (8)
pages according the guidelines for authors in the conference website
(http:// www.etfa2019.org/guidelines-for-authors). Authors of accepted
papers agree to attend the workshop and to present their work during
the workshop.
