
NFM 2018 - Call for Papers

The 10th NASA Formal Methods Symposium
30 Years of Formal Methods at NASA
-------------------------------------
https://shemesh.larc.nasa.gov/NFM2018/
April 17-19, 2018
Newport News Marriott at City Center
Newport News, VA, USA

Theme of the Symposium
----------------------

The widespread use and increasing complexity of mission-critical and
safety-critical systems at NASA and in the aerospace industry require advanced
techniques that address these systems' specification, design, verification,
validation, and certification requirements. The NASA Formal Methods Symposium
(NFM) is a forum to foster collaboration between theoreticians and
practitioners
from NASA, academia, and industry. NFM's goals are to identify challenges and
to
provide solutions for achieving assurance for such critical systems.

New developments and emerging applications like autonomous software for
Unmanned
Aerial Systems (UAS), UAS Traffic Management (UTM), advanced separation
assurance algorithms for aircraft, and the need for system-wide fault
detection,
diagnosis, and prognostics provide new challenges for system specification,
development, and verification approaches. Similar challenges need to be
addressed during development and deployment of on-board software for both
spacecraft and ground systems.

The focus of the symposium will be on formal techniques and other approaches
for
software assurance, including their theory, current capabilities and
limitations, as well as their potential application to aerospace, robotics,
and
other NASA-relevant safety-critical systems during all stages of the software
life-cycle.

Topics of interest include but are not limited to:
-------------------------------------------------
* Formal verification, including theorem proving, model checking, and static
analysis
* Advances in automated theorem proving including SAT and SMT solving
* Use of formal methods in software and system testing
* Run-time verification
* Techniques and algorithms for scaling formal methods such as abstraction and
   symbolic methods, compositional techniques, as well as parallel and/or
   distributed techniques
* Code generation from formally verified models
* Safety cases and system safety
* Formal approaches to fault tolerance
* Theoretical advances and empirical evaluations of formal methods techniques
  for safety-critical systems, including hybrid and embedded systems
* Formal methods in systems engineering and model-based development

Submission Details
------------------
There are two categories of submissions:

1. Regular papers describing fully developed work and complete results
(maximum
   15 pages)

2. Short papers on tools, experience reports, or work in progress with
   preliminary results (maximum 6 pages)

All papers must be in English and describe original work that has not been
published or submitted elsewhere. All submissions will be fully reviewed by at
least three members of the Program Committee.

Papers will appear in a volume of Springer's Lecture Notes in Computer Science
(LNCS), and must use LNCS style formatting. Papers must be submitted in PDF
format at the EasyChair submission site:

https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=nfm2018

Authors of selected best papers may be invited to submit an extended version
to
a special issue of a computer science journal.

Important Dates
---------------
Abstract Submission: November 10, 2017
Paper Submission: November 20, 2017
Paper notification: January 19, 2018
Camera Ready Deadline: February 9, 2018
Symposium: April 17-19, 2018

Location
--------
The symposium will take place at Newport News Marriott at City Center, Newport
News, VA, USA.

Registration is required but is free of charge.

Organizing Committee
----------------
Anthony Narkawicz (Conference Chair)
Aaron Dutle (Program Co-Chair)
Cesar Munoz (Program Co-Chair)

Contact
--------
Email: nfm2018 [at] easychair [dot] org
Web: https://shemesh.larc.nasa.gov/NFM2018/
