17th NASA Formal Methods Symposium (NFM’25)
11-13 June 2025
Hampton Roads, VA
Call for Papers

Symposium Theme
The widespread use and increasing complexity of mission-critical and safety-
critical systems at NASA and in the aerospace industry requires advanced
technologies to address their specification, design, verification, validation,
and certification. The NASA Formal Methods Symposium is a forum to foster
collaboration between theoreticians and practitioners from NASA, other
government agencies, academia, and industry, with the goal of identifying
challenges and providing solutions towards achieving assurance for such
critical systems. The focus of this symposium is on formal techniques for
software and system assurance for applications in space, aviation, robotics,
and other NASA-relevant critical systems.

Topics of Interest

  *   Advances in Formal Methods – Formal verification, model checking,
and static analysis; interactive and automated theorem proving; program and
specification synthesis, code transformation and generation; run-time
verification and test case generation; techniques and algorithms for scaling
formal methods; design for verification and correct-by-design techniques;
requirements generation, specification, and validation.

  *   Integration of Formal Methods – Use of ML techniques in formal methods;
integration of formal methods and software engineering; integration of diverse
formal methods techniques; integration of formal methods with simulation,
analysis, and test approaches.

  *   Formal Methods in Practice – Experience reports on applications of
formal methods in industry; use of formal methods in education; applications
of formal methods to concurrent and distributed systems, human-machine
systems, autonomous systems, and fault-detection, diagnostics, and prognostics
systems.

Submission
There are two categories of submissions:

  *   Regular papers – Up to 15 pages plus references. Regular papers describe
fully developed work and complete results.

  *   Short papers — Up to 6 pages plus references. Short papers describe
either novel and publicly available tools, case studies detailing applications
of formal methods, or new emerging ideas in the topics of interest.

All papers should be in English and describe original work that has not been
published or submitted elsewhere. Authors of accepted papers must present
their work in person at the conference.

NFM prohibits the use of generative AI to create the textual narrative of the
paper. However, the use of generative AI to create examples (such as text,
tables, graphics, and code) that support the paper is permitted, but this must
be disclosed in the paper. Basic word processing systems that recommend and
insert replacement text, perform spelling or grammar checks and corrections,
or systems that do language translations need not be disclosed in the paper.

All submissions will be fully reviewed by at least 3 members of the Program
Committee. NFM is currently arranging to publish accepted regular and short
papers in the Formal Methods subline of Springer’s Lecture Notes in Computer
Science (LNCS). Authors should therefore use the LNCS style formatting
described
at https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines.
Papers must be submitted in PDF format through the EasyChair submission
site, https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=nfm2025.

Important Dates
Paper submission
December 13, 2024
Author notification
February 14, 2025
Camera ready deadline
March 14, 2025
Symposium
June 11-13, 2025

Location and Cost
The symposium will take place in Hampton Roads, VA. The exact location is
still to be determined.

There will be no registration fee charged to participants. All interested
individuals, including non-US citizens, are welcome to attend, listen to the
talks, and participate in discussions. However, all attendees must register.
