8th Workshop on Formal Methods for Autonomous Systems (FMAS 2026)
Southampton, UK
17th and 18th of November 2026

https://fmasworkshop.github.io/FMAS2026/

FMAS 2026 is a 2-day peer-reviewed international workshop that brings together researchers working on a range of techniques for the formal verification of autonomous systems to present recent work in the area, discuss key challenges, and stimulate collaboration between autonomous systems and formal methods researchers. Previous editions are listed on DBLP: https://dblp.dagstuhl.de/db/conf/fmas/index.html.


More details can be found on our website: https://fmasworkshop.github.io/FMAS2026/


We can be found on BlueSky <https://bsky.app/profile/fmasworkshop.bsky.social> and Mastodon <https://mastodon.acm.org/@FMASWorkshop>, and we have a group on LinkedIn <https://www.linkedin.com/groups/10019224/>. Posts about this year's workshop use the tag #FMAS2026.

Important Dates
Abstract deadline: 14th of August 2026
Paper deadline: 17th of August 2026 (Anywhere on Earth <https://www.timeanddate.com/time/zones/aoe>)
Notification: 6th of October 2026
Final version: 17th of October 2026
Workshop: 17th and 18th of November 2026
Scope

Autonomous systems present unique challenges for formal methods. They are often embodied in robotic systems that can interact with the real world, and they make independent decisions. Amongst other categories, they can be viewed as safety-critical, cyber-physical, hybrid, and real-time systems.


Key challenges for applying formal methods to autonomous systems include:

the system's dynamic deployment environment;
verifying the system's decision-making capabilities -- including planning, ethical, and reconfiguration choices; and
using formal methods results as evidence given to certification or regulatory organisations.

FMAS welcomes submissions that use formal methods to specify, model, or verify autonomous systems; in whole or in part. We are especially interested in work using integrated formal methods, where multiple (formal or non-formal) methods are combined during the software engineering process. We encourage submissions that are advancing the applicability of formal methods for autonomous systems, for example, improving integration or explainability, automation or knowledge transfer of these techniques; a wider discussion of these principles can be found in 'A Manifesto for Applicable Formal Methods' https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.12758.


Autonomous systems are often embedded in robotic or cyber-physical systems, and they share many features (and verification challenges) with automated systems. FMAS welcomes submissions with applications to:

automated systems,
semi-autonomous systems, or
fully-autonomous systems.
Topics

Topics of interest include (but are not limited to):

Applicable, tool-supported Formal Methods that are suited to Autonomous Systems
Runtime Verification or other formal approaches to deal with the reality gap (the gap between models/simulations and the real world),
Verification against safety assurance arguments or standards documents,
Formal specification, modelling, and requirements engineering approaches for autonomous systems,
Case Studies that identify challenges when applying formal methods to autonomous systems,
Experience Reports that provide guidance for tackling challenges with formal methods or tools, or
Discussions of the future directions of the field.

Because the above list is not exhaustive, if you are unsure if your paper is in scope for FMAS, please feel free to email us (addresses below) to discuss it.

Special Topic: Neurosymbolic AI
In addition to the topics above, we would like to invite work on formal methods for intersymbolic AI. Intersybolic AI refers to the combination of symbolic AI (logic, knowledge graphs, etc.) and subsymbolic AI (neural networks, reinforcement learning, etc.).

Papers intended for this special topic could include (but are not limited to):
Hybrid architectures (e.g., neuro‑symbolic networks, differentiable reasoning)
Symbolic knowledge integration in large language models
Learning to generate and manipulate logical formulas with neural networks
Explainable AI using symbolic post‑hoc analysis
Benchmarking tools for intersymbolic systems
Application areas could include: mobility, healthcare, finance

Papers submitted for the special topic should be within the usual scope of FMAS.


Submission and Publication


All papers must be original and not simultaneously submitted to another journal or conference. The following paper categories are welcome. All submissions will be considered for both oral presentations and poster sessions.

Short Papers 6 pages (excluding references)
Vision papers describe directions for research into Formal Methods for Autonomous Systems;
Research previews describe well-defined research ideas that are in their early stages, and may not be fully developed yet. Work from PhD students is particularly welcome;
Long Papers 15 pages (excluding references)
Experience report papers report on practical experiences in applying Formal Methods to Autonomous Systems, focusing on the experience and lessons to be learnt;
Regular papers describe completed applications of Formal Methods to an Autonomous System, new or improved approaches, evaluations of existing approaches, and so on.
These categories are intended to help you show your intent for your paper, and to allow a fairer comparison of papers. For example, a Research Preview won't be judged as not developed enough for acceptance, purely because it is compared to a Standard Paper. The category descriptions are not exhaustive and should be interpreted broadly. If you are unsure if your paper clearly fits into one of these categories, please feel free to email us (details below) to discuss it.
Submission Details
Submission Link: https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=fmas2026

Please select one of the four submission categories during submission, under the heading 'Topics'.

Submissions must be prepared using the EPTCS LaTeX style <http://style.eptcs.org/>.

Each submission will receive at least three single-blind reviews. If a paper is accepted, at least one of the authors must register for, and attend, the workshop to present their work. We intend that accepted papers will be published via EPTCS <http://www.eptcs.org/>.

Special Issue

We will organise a journal special issue to collect extensions of papers accepted in FMAS 2026. Look out for more details as we announce them.

Venue

FMAS 2026 will be held from the 17th and 18th of November 2026, co-located with the International Conference on Formal Engineering Methods (ICFEM) 2026 <https://icfem2026.github.io/>, hosted by University of Southampton, UK.


We will accept participation in-person and remotely:

At least one author per paper must register and pay for on-site attendance at FMAS, even if the paper will be presented remotely – this is to ensure we cover the costs of running FMAS as a satellite workshop at iFM.
Presenting or participating online will be free.
If you are planning to present remotely, please contact us at FMASWorkshop@tutanota.com to let us know so that we can make the necessary arrangements.

Kind Regards,
The Organising Committee
