Call for Papers

SNR22: The 8th International Workshop on Symbolic-Numeric Methods for
Reachability Analysis

Conference website: https://plv.colorado.edu/snr22/
Submission link: https://eur02.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Feasychair.org%2Fconferences%2F%3Fconf%3Dsnr22&amp;data=05%7C01%7C%7Cfdf6934e8f6b47dd876408da6502dd7c%7Ccc7df24760ce4a0f9d75704cf60efc64%7C0%7C0%7C637933360222759037%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C3000%7C%7C%7C&amp;sdata=I4Q1aVesXXS7i%2Fxc4GoIiT8uOkMIM68JsMNtM1W0dw8%3D&amp;reserved=0
Submission deadline: July 22, 2022
Topics: reachability analysis, cyber physical systems, symbolic
numeric methods, neuro-symbolic AI

Hybrid systems are complex dynamical systems that combine discrete and
continuous components. Reachability questions, regarding whether
a system can run into a certain subset of its state space, stand at the
core of verification and synthesis problems for hybrid systems.
Successful reachability analysis methods for hybrid systems require
the unification of techniques from at least two research areas: 1)
Symbolic methods that operate on exact and discrete representations of
systems, in the form of various model checking and theorem proving
algorithms; and 2)  Numerical methods that operate on various forms of
numerical approximations and continuous transformations of the
systems, as developed in the area of continuous dynamical systems and
control theory.

The existing, successful solutions for reachability analysis for
hybrid dynamical systems cleverly integrate symbolic and numerical
reasoning to tackle the scalability challenge. For instance, the
reachable set computation methods explicitly construct flow-pipes that
numerically over-approximate the reachable states over time, while
efficient computation of such overapproximations requires symbolic
representations such as support functions. Similarly, constraint
solving methods symbolically encode reachability properties as logic
formulas, while solving such formulas requires numerically-driven
decision procedures. The key goal of the Symbolic and Numerical
Methods for Reachability Analysis (SNR) workshop is to provide a
platform to further explore synergies among these approaches by
bringing together the experts in these two domains.

Submission Guidelines

The workshop solicits
- long research papers (not exceeding 15 pages excluding references),
- short research papers (not exceeding 6 pages excluding references) and
- work-in-progress papers (not exceeding 6 pages excluding references).

Research papers must present original unpublished work which is not
submitted elsewhere. In order to foster the exchange of ideas, we also
encourage work-in-progress papers, which present recent or on-going
work. The papers should be written in English and formatted according
to the EPTCS guidelines. Papers can be submitted using the EasyChair
system. All submissions will undergo a peer-reviewing process.

List of Topics

The SNR workshop aims to catalyze work on the interface of symbolic
and numerical methods for reachability analysis. The scope of the
workshop includes, but is not restricted to, the following topics:

- Verification of hybrid systems
- Symbolic representation of regions in reachability analysis
- Techniques for Flow-pipe construction
- Abstraction techniques for hybrid systems and numerical programs
- Trajectory/Counterexample generation from symbolic paths
- Techniques for reliable integration
- Decision procedures supporting real numbers
- Formal logics to reason about hybrid systems
- Symbolic and Numerical Methods for Reinforcement Learning and Planning
- Domain specific approaches in Biology, Robotics, and Cyber-Physical Systems

This year, the organizers encourage submissions of papers exploring
the intersection of SNR and Machine-Learning (ML). Machine Learning
(ML) algorithms and data-driven components are at the core of modern
engineering applications of hybrid dynamical systems providing support
for perception and adaptation. Moreover, the recent successes of Deep
Neural Networks (DNN) and Reinforcement Learning (RL) hint at powerful
approaches to tackle scalability challenges in SNR. We invite research
papers at the intersection of SNR and ML on the following
non-exhaustive list of topics:

- Reinforcement Learning (RL) for Real-Time and Hybrid Systems
- Formal Logics for Continuous-State RL (e.g., formal specifications
in RL, shielding for RL),
- Decision Procedures for Continuous-State RL (e.g. SAT/SMT approaches
to infer reward machines),
- Deep Neural networks for Symbolic and Numerical Reasoning for
Reachability (e.g., neural certificates),
- Supervised Learning for SNR (e.g., using decision-trees in
generating human-interpretable policies),
- Unsupervised Learning for SNR (e.g., mining formal specifications
from behaviors), and
- Applications of SNR in safety-critical machine learning.

The topic of the workshop has direct connections with the conferences
within the CONFEST (e.g., FORMATS and CONCUR) and we believe that
participants of the main conference may be interested in attending SNR
and vice-versa. The workshop format is intended to complement the main
conference by providing an informal meeting place specifically for
researchers involved in the projects requiring the background both in
symbolic and numerical verification.

Committees

Program Committee

- Matthias Althoff (Technische Universität München)
- Ekaterina Auer  (Hochschule Wismar)
- Pieter Collins (Maastricht university)
- Shibashis Guha (Tata Insitute of Fundamental Research)
- Nacim Meslem (INP SIPSA-lab)
- Krishna S. (Indian Insitute of Techology Bombay)
- Sadegh Soudjani (Newcastle University)
- Zhenhua Wang (Harbin Institute of Technology)
- Daniel Wilczak (Jagiellonian University)
- Majid Zamani (University of Colorado Boulder)

Organizing committee

- Ashutosh Trivedi (University of Colorado Boulder)
- Tarek Raissi (Conservatoire National des Arts et Métiers, Paris)

Publication

Accepted research papers will be presented at the workshop and will be
published in the Electronic Proceedings in Theoretical Computer
Science (EPTCS). Accepted work-in-progress papers will be presented at
the workshop but will not be included in the proceedings.

Venue

The workshop is collocated with CONFEST'22 and will be held in Warsaw, Poland.

The venue is planned as an on-site, in-person event, with certain
support for remote presence, both for speakers and for other
participants who are unable or unwilling to come. Depending on the
pandemic situation, we may have to make a decision to cancel the
physical component of the event and proceed online similarly as the
previous edition, QONFEST 2021. The final decision will be announced
by August 12, 2022.

Important Dates

Submission deadline: July 22, 2022
Notification of acceptance: August 12, 2022
Final version: August 22, 2022
Workshop: September 12, 2022

Contact

All questions about submissions should be emailed to Tarek Raissi
(tarek.raissi@cnam.fr) and Ashutosh Trivedi
(ashutosh.trivedi@colorado.edu).
