-----------------------------------------------------------------------
                      iFM 2023 - Final Call for Papers
      18th International Conference on integrated Formal Methods
             13-15 November 2023, Leiden, the Netherlands
                        https://ifm23.liacs.nl
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

IMPORTANT DATES
Abstract submission:              10 June 2023
Paper submission:                 15 June 2023
Acceptance notification:       10 August 2023
iFM 2023 main conference: 13-15 November 2023


OBJECTIVE AND SCOPE
In the last decades, we have witnessed a proliferation of approaches
that integrate several modelling, verification and simulation
techniques, facilitating more versatile and efficient analysis of
software-intensive systems. These approaches provide powerful support
for the analysis of different functional and non-functional properties
of the systems, complex interaction of components of different nature as
well as validation of diverse aspects of system behaviour. The iFM
conference series is a forum for discussing recent research advances in
the development of integrated approaches to formal modelling and
analysis. The conference covers all aspects of the design of integrated
techniques, including language design, verification and validation,
automated tool support and the use of such techniques in software
engineering practice. To credit the effort of tool developers, we use
EAPLS artefact badging <https://eapls.org/pages/artifact_badges/>.

Areas of interest include (but are not limited to):

  * Formal and semi-formal modelling notations
  * Combining formal methods with different performance, simulation and
    system analysis techniques
  * Program verification, model checking, and static analysis
  * Theorem proving, decision procedures and SAT/SMT solving
  * Runtime analysis, monitoring and testing
  * Program synthesis
  * Modelling, analysis and synthesis of cyber-physical, hybrid,
    embedded, probabilistic, distributed or concurrent systems
  * Abstraction and refinement
  * Model learning and inference
  * Approaches to integrating formal methods into software engineering
    practice or industry
  * Approaches to integrating formal methods into standardisation or
    certification processes
  * Formal methods for AI
  * Tools and case studies supporting the integration of formal methods


PAPER CATEGORIES
iFM 2023 solicits high-quality papers reporting research results and/or
experience reports related to the overall theme of formal methods
integration.

We accept papers in the following categories:

(1) Regular papers (limit 16 pages) on
    * original scientific research results
    * tools, their foundation and evaluations
    * applications of formal methods, including rigorous evaluations

(2) Short papers (limit 6 pages) on
    * any subject of interest in the area of formal methods that can be
      described with sufficient detail within the page limit

All page limits exclude the references. Appendices may be included, but
they will only be read by a reviewer at their discretion.

Regular and short papers must be original, unpublished, and not
submitted for publication elsewhere. Papers will undergo a thorough
review process. Submissions will be judged on the basis of significance,
relevance, correctness, originality and clarity.

The submissions will be reviewed and selected for publication based on
the above mentioned criteria as well as suitability to the conference’s
technical program.


SUBMISSION GUIDELINES
Submissions for all categories should be made using the iFM 2023
EasyChair site https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ifm-2023

Submissions must be in PDF format, using the Springer LNCS style files.

Springer requires that authors should consult Springer’s authors’ guidelines
and use their proceedings templates, either for LaTeX or for Word, for the
preparation of their papers. Springer encourages authors to include their
ORCIDs in their papers. After a paper is accepted, the corresponding author
of each paper, acting on behalf of all of the authors of that paper, must
complete and sign a Consent-to-Publish form. The corresponding author
signing the copyright form should match the corresponding author marked
on the paper. Once the files have been sent to Springer, changes relating
to the authorship of the papers cannot be made.

The conference proceedings will be published in Springer’s Lecture Notes
in Computer Science series. We will apply for a special issue of the Formal
Aspects of Computing journal for extended versions of selected papers from
iFM 2023, as well as a special issue of the Original Software Publication
track in Science of Computer Programming (see EAPLS Artifact Badging below).

All accepted papers must be presented at the conference. At least one
author of each accepted paper must register to the conference by the
early registration date.


EAPLS ARTEFACT BADGING
Reproducibility of experiments is crucial to foster an atmosphere of
open, reusable and trustworthy research. To improve and reward
reproducibility and to give more visibility and credit to the effort of
tool developers in our community, authors of accepted papers will be
invited to submit possible artefacts associated with their paper for
evaluation, and based on the level of reproducibility they will be
awarded one or more badges. See https://eapls.org/pages/artifact_badges/.
Artefact submission is optional and the result of the artefact evaluation
will not alter the paper’s acceptance decision.

To credit the effort of tool developers, we plan to apply for a special
issue of the Original Software Publication track in Science of Computer
Programming. Authors of selected artefacts will be invited to contribute
to this issue.


GENERAL CHAIR
Marcello M. Bonsangue (LIACS, Leiden University, The Netherlands)

PROGRAM COMMITTE CHAIRS
Paula Herber (University of Münster, Germany)
Anton Wijs (Eindhoven University of Technology, The Netherlands)

PUBLICITY CHAIRS
Alfons Laarman (LIACS, Leiden University, The Netherland)

PROGRAM COMMITTEE
Wolfgang Ahrendt (Chalmers University, Sweden)
Maurice H. ter Beek (ISTI-CNR, Italy)
Petra van den Bos (University of Twente, The Netherlands)
Alessandro Cimatti (University of Trento, Italy)
David Safranek (Masaryk University, Czech Republic)
Pedro D’Argenio (Universidad Nacional de Córdoba, Spain)
Richard DeFrancisco (Augusta University, Georgia, USA)
John Derrick (University of Sheffield, United Kingdom)
Claire Dross (AdaCore, France)
Karine Even-Mendoza (King’s College London, United Kingdom)
Marie Farrell (University of Manchester, United Kingdom)
Carlo A. Furia (Universita della Svizzera italiana, Switzerland)
Dilian Gurov (KTH Stockholm, Sweden)
Marieke Huisman (University of Twente, The Nethrlands)
Sebastian Junges (Radboud University, The Netherlands)
Einar Broch Johnson (University of Oslo, Norway)
Nikolai Kosmatov (CEA List, CEA Saclay, France)
Alfons Laarman (Leiden University, The Netherlands)
Martin Leucker (University of Lübeck, Germany)
Rosemary Monahan (Maynooth University, Ireland)
Thomas Neele (Eindhoven University of Technology, The Netherlands)
Wytse Oortwijn (TNO, The Netherlands)
Jun Pang (University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg)
Luigia Petre (Åbo Akademi University, Finland)
Giles Reger (Amazon Web Services and University of Manchester, United Kingdom)
Anne Remke (University of Münster, Germany)
Thomas Santen (Formal Assurance, Germany)
Ina Schäfer (Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Germany)
Ana Sokolova (University of Salzburg, Germany)
Silvia Lizeth Tapia Tarifa (University of Oslo, Norway)
Heike Wehrheim (University of Oldenburg, Germany)
Kirsten Winter (University of Queensland, Australia)
Naijun Zhan (Chinese Academy of Sciences, P.R. of China)


© iFM 2023