---------------------------------------------------------------------
                      Call for Papers

                         FTSCS 2023

9th ACM International Workshop on Formal Techniques for Safety-Critical Systems

            Cascais, Portugal, October 22, 2023
             (an OOPSLA/SPLASH 2023 workshop)

        https://2023.splashcon.org/home/ftscs-2023

---------------------------------------------------------------------

*** Submission deadline July 12 ***

Aims and Scope:

There is an increasing demand for using formal methods to validate and
verify safety-critical systems in fields such as power generation and
distribution, avionics, automotive systems, medical systems, and
autonomous vehicles. In particular, newer standards, such as DO-178C
(avionics), ISO 26262 (automotive systems), IEC 62304 (medical
devices), and CENELEC EN 50128 (railway systems), emphasize the need
for formal methods and model-based development, thereby speeding up
the adaptation of such methods in industry.

The aim of this workshop is to bring together researchers and engineers
who are interested in the application of formal and semi-formal methods
to improve the quality of safety-critical computer systems. FTSCS
strives to promote research and development of formal methods and
tools for industrial applications, and is particularly interested in
industrial applications of formal methods.

Specific topics include, but are not limited to:

* case studies and experience reports on the use of formal methods for
  analyzing safety-critical systems, including avionics, automotive,
  medical, railway, and other kinds of safety-critical and
  QoS-critical systems
* methods, techniques and tools to support automated analysis,
  certification, debugging, etc., of safety/QoS-critical systems
* analysis methods that address the limitations of formal methods in
  industry (usability, scalability, etc.)
* formal analysis support for modeling languages used in industry,
  such as AADL, Ptolemy, SysML, SCADE, Modelica, etc.
* code generation from validated models.

The workshop will provide a platform for discussions and the exchange of
innovative ideas, so submissions on work in progress are encouraged.


Submission:

We solicit submissions reporting on:

A- original research contributions (10 pages max, ACM format);
B- applications and experiences (10 pages max, ACM format);
C- surveys, comparisons, and state-of-the-art reports (10 pages max, ACM);
D- tool papers (5 pages max, ACM format);
E- position papers and work in progress (5 pages max, ACM format)

related to the topics mentioned above.
(The page limits do not include the references.) KTH currently does
not allow collaboration with Russia or Belarus. We therefore cannot
accept papers with affiliation in Russia or Belarus.

All submissions must be original, unpublished, and not submitted
concurrently for publication elsewhere. Paper submission is done
via HotCRP at https://ftscs23.hotcrp.com/.
Submissions should be prepared in LaTeX, adhering to
the ACM format available at
https://www.acm.org/publications/proceedings-template using the
"sigplan" option.


Publication:

All accepted papers will appear in the pre-proceedings of FTSCS 2023.
Accepted papers in the categories A-D above will appear in the
workshop proceedings that will be published as a volume in
the ACM Digital Library.

As usual, we plan to invite authors of selected accepted papers to
submit extended versions of their papers to a special issue of the
Science of Computer Programming journal (to be confirmed).


Important dates:

Submission deadline: July 12, 2023
Notification of acceptance: August 27, 2023
Camera ready paper due: September 10, 2023
Workshop: October 22, 2023


Venue:

Cascais, Portugal


Program chairs:

Cyrille Artho        KTH Royal Institute of Technology, Sweden
Peter Olveczky       University of Oslo, Norway


Program committee:

Etienne Andre        University Sorbonne Paris Nord, France
Cyrille Artho        KTH Royal Institute of Technology, Sweden
Kyungmin Bae         Pohang University of Science and Technology, Korea
Armin Biere          Albert-Ludwigs-University Freiburg, Germany
Patricia Derler      Zoox, USA
Alessandro Fantechi  University of Florence, Italy
Marie Farrell        University of Manchester, UK
Osman Hasan          National University of Sciences & Technology, Pakistan
Eduard Kamburjan     University of Oslo, Norway
Alexander Knapp      University of Augsburg, Germany
Yi Li                Nanyang Technological University, Singapore
Frederic Mallet      University of Cote d'Azur, France
Lina Marsso          University of Toronto, Canada
Thomas Noll          RWTH Aachen University, Germany
Kazuhiro Ogata       Japan Advanced Institute of Science and Technology, Japan
Carlos Olarte        University Sorbonne Paris Nord, France
Peter Olveczky       University of Oslo, Norway
Laure Petrucci       University Sorbonne Paris Nord, France
Jose Proenca         CISTER Research Centre, Portugal
Cristina Seceleanu   Malardalen University, Sweden
Sofiene Tahar        Concordia University, Canada
Carolyn Talcott      SRI International, USA
Huibiao Zhu          East China Normal University, China
