Dear all

The Engineering of Multiagent Systems is an Area of Interest in AAMAS that
welcomes contributions on Software Engineering. Sample list of topics
include:

Traditional MAS engineering topics, including requirements and formal
specifications; architecture and modeling; verification and validation;
programming and languages; testing; maintenance and evolution.

MAS engineering for conventional AI techniques, including machine
learning-based abstractions.

MAS engineering for novel technologies, including blockchain, IoT,
microservices, serverless computing.

MAS engineering abstractions, including norms, protocols, BDI, and goals

MAS engineering for application domains including business, health,
finance, transportation.

MAS engineering for sociotechnical systems, including ethics, laws and
regulations, governance, accountability.

The full call follows.

Best
Amit Chopra

==

AAMAS 2023 - The 22nd Int. Conf. on Autonomous Agents and Multiagent
Systems

Date: 29 May-2 June 2023
Location: London
Web site: https://aamas2023.soton.ac.uk

==

We invite you to submit your best work in the area of agents and multiagent
systems to AAMAS 2023, the 22nd International Conference on Autonomous
Agents and Multiagent Systems, to be held in London from 29 May to 2 June
2023.

All submissions will be rigorously peer-reviewed and evaluated on the basis
of the overall quality of their technical contribution, taking into account
criteria such as originality, significance, soundness, reproducibility,
clarity, relevance to the conference, quality of presentation, as well as
understanding and appropriate referencing of the state of the art.

== In-Person Conference ==

We are planning for the conference to be held in-person in London. After
three years of virtual AAMAS conferences, many in the research community
are eager for an in-person AAMAS conference once again. While virtual
interactions are a reasonable substitute when used appropriately, they
still lack key facets and benefits that in-person interactions offer.

At the same time, we understand that not everyone will be able to travel to
London, due to, for example, personal health constraints or traveling
restrictions. As such, we will provide limited support to enable authors to
present their work remotely for those who really cannot travel to the
in-person event. We also plan to live stream the sessions using low-cost
solutions. However, we will not provide support for other online
infrastructure, such as a virtual platform or GatherTown.

Finally, it may be the case that the COVID-19 pandemic worsens
significantly, making it infeasible to hold the conference physically in
London. In this case, the conference will transition to either a virtual or
hybrid setting.

== Important Dates ==

The tentative dates are below. We may slightly move the dates to account
for conflicts with AAAI and IJCAI once their dates are decided.

* Abstract submission: 21 October 2022
* Paper submission: 28 October 2022
* Rebuttal period: 5-9 December 2022
* Author notification: 4 January 2023
* Camera-ready paper submission: 1 March 2023
* Conference: 29 May – 2 June 2023

All deadlines are at the end of the day specified, anywhere on Earth
(UTC-12).

== Areas of Interest ==

We welcome the submission of technical papers describing significant and
original research on all aspects of the theory and practice of autonomous
agents and multiagent systems. If you are new to this community, then we
encourage you to consult the proceedings of previous editions of the
conference to fully appreciate the scope of AAMAS. At the time of
submission, you will be asked to associate your paper with one of the
following 10 areas of interest:

* Coordination, Organisations, Institutions, and Norms
* Markets, Auctions, and Non-Cooperative Game Theory
* Social Choice and Cooperative Game Theory
* Knowledge Representation, Reasoning, and Planning
* Learning and Adaptation
* Modelling and Simulation of Societies
* Humans and AI / Human-Agent Interaction
* Engineering Multiagent Systems
* Robotics
* Innovative Applications

The reviewing process for each of these areas will be coordinated by
dedicated area chairs familiar with the particularities of the area they
are responsible for. We reserve the right to transfer a paper to a
different area in case we believe that doing so will improve the quality of
the reviewing process. You will have the opportunity to react to
preliminary versions of the reviews of your paper (so-called “rebuttal”)
before we make a final decision regarding the acceptance of your paper.

We highly encourage authors to make their source code (if any) publicly
available after their papers are accepted. The link should be in their
paper and will also be publicized on the AAMAS website.

== Special Tracks ==

In addition to the main track, AAMAS 2023 will feature three special
tracks, the Blue Sky Ideas Track, the JAAMAS Track, and the Demonstrations
Track, each with a separate Call for Papers.

The focus of the Blue Sky Ideas Track is on visionary ideas, long-term
challenges, new research opportunities, and controversial debate. The
JAAMAS Track offers authors of papers recently published in the Journal of
Autonomous Agents and Multiagent Systems (JAAMAS) that have not previously
appeared as full papers in an archival conference the opportunity to
present their work at AAMAS 2023. The Demonstrations Track, finally, allows
participants from both academia and industry to showcase their latest
developments in agent-based and robotic systems.
