9th Workshop on Horn Clauses for Verification and Synthesis (HCVS)
Co-located with ETAPS 2022
3rd April 2022 - Munich, Germany

https://www.sci.unich.it/hcvs22/

Important dates:
- Paper submission deadline: Jan 31, 2022
- Paper notification: Feb 28, 2022
- Workshop: Apr 3, 2022

Many Program Verification and Synthesis problems of interest can be modeled
directly using Horn clauses and many recent advances in the CLP and CAV
communities have centered around efficiently solving problems presented as
Horn
clauses.

This series of workshops aims to bring together researchers working in the
communities of Constraint/Logic Programming (e.g., ICLP and CP), Program
Verification (e.g., CAV, TACAS, and VMCAI), and Automated Deduction (e.g.,
CADE, IJCAR), on the topic of Horn clause based analysis, verification, and
synthesis.

Horn clauses for verification and synthesis have been advocated by these
communities in different times and from different perspectives and HCVS is
organized to stimulate interaction and a fruitful exchange and integration
of
experiences.

The workshop follows previous meetings: HCVS 2021 in Luxembourg, Luxembourg
(ETAPS 2021), HCVS 2020 in Dublin, Ireland (ETAPS 2020), HCVS 2019 in
Prague,
Czech Republic (ETAPS 2019), HCVS 2018 in Oxford, UK (CAV, ICLP and IJCAR at
FLoC 2018), HCVS 2017 in Gothenburg, Sweden (CADE 2017), HCVS 2016 in
Eindhoven, The Netherlands (ETAPS 2016), HCVS 2015 in San Francisco, CA, USA
(CAV 2015), and HCVS 2014 in Vienna, Austria (VSL).

Topics of interest include, but are not limited to the use of Horn clauses,
constraints, and related formalisms in the following areas:

-Analysis and verification of programs and systems of various kinds (e.g.,
imperative, object-oriented, functional, logic, higher-order, concurrent,
transition systems, petri-nets, smart contracts)
-Program synthesis
-Program testing
-Program transformation
-Constraint solving
-Type systems
-Machine learning and automated reasoning
-CHC encoding of analysis and verification problems
-Resource analysis
-Case studies and tools
-Challenging problems

We solicit regular papers describing theory and implementation of
Horn-clause
based analysis and tool descriptions. We also solicit extended abstracts
describing work-in-progress, as well as presentations covering previously
published results and posters that are of interest to the workshop.

CHC Competition:
HCVS 2022 will host the 5th competition on constraint Horn clauses
(CHC-COMP https://chc-comp.github.io/), which will compare state-of-the-art
tools for CHC solving for performance and effectiveness on a set of publicly
available benchmarks. A report on the 5th CHC-COMP will be part of the
workshop's proceedings. The report also contains tool descriptions of the
participating solvers.

Program Chairs:

Temesghen Kahsai, Amazon, USA
Maurizio Proietti, IASI-CNR, Italy

Program Committee:

Elvira Albert, Complutense University of Madrid, Spain
Emanuele De Angelis, IASI-CNR, Italy
Grigory Fedyukovich, Florida State University, USA
Fabio Fioravanti, University of Chieti-Pescara, Italy
Arie Gurfinkel, University of Waterloo, Canada
Bishoksan Kafle, IMDEA Software Institute, Spain
Naoki Kobayashi, University of Tokyo, Japan
Ekaterina Komendantskaya, Heriot-Watt University, UK
Annie Liu, Stony Brook University, USA
Dale Miller, Inria Saclay & LIX, France
Jorge A. Navas, SRI, USA
Saswat Padhi, Amazon, USA
Philipp Ruemmer, Uppsala University, Sweden
Mattias Ulbrich, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Germany

Submission has to be done in one of the following formats:

-Regular papers (up to 12 pages plus bibliography in EPTCS
(http://www.eptcs.org/) format), which should present previously unpublished
work (completed or in progress), including descriptions of research, tools,
and
applications.

-Tool papers (up to 4 pages in EPTCS format), including the papers written
by
the CHC-COMP participants, which can outline the theoretical framework, the
architecture, the usage, and experiments of the tool.

-Extended abstracts (up to 3 pages in EPTCS format), which describe work in
progress or aim to initiate discussions.

- **Presentation-only papers**, i.e., papers already submitted or presented
at
a conference or another workshop. Such papers can be submitted in any
format,
and will not be included in the workshop post-proceedings.

-Posters that are of interest to the workshop

All submitted papers will be refereed by the program committee and will be
selected for inclusion in accordance with the referee reports. Accepted
regular
papers and extended abstracts will be published electronically as a volume
in
the Electronic Proceedings in Theoretical Computer Science (EPTCS) series,
see
http://www.eptcs.org/ (provided that enough regular papers are accepted).
The publication of a paper is not intended to preclude later publication.
Full versions of extended abstracts published in EPTCS, or substantial
revisions, may later be published elsewhere.

Papers must be submitted through the EasyChair system using the web page:
https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=hcvs2022
