
International conference on reliability, safety and security of railway systems:  
modelling, analysis, verification and certification - RSSRail 2019
June 4-6, 2019, Lille, France
https://conferences.ncl.ac.uk/rssrail2019/

Call for Papers
The railway industry faces increasing pressure to improve system safety, to decrease 
production costs and time to market, to reduce carbon emissions and running costs, 
and to increase the capacity of the railway. Railway systems are now being integrated 
into larger multi-transport networks. Such systems require an even higher degree of 
automation at all levels of operation. These trends dramatically increase the complexity 
of railway applications and pose new challenges in developing novel methods of 
modelling, analysis, verification and validation to ensure their reliability, safety and 
security, as well as in supporting novel mechanisms and procedures to help make 
the case that development processes meet the mandated standards. 


The RSSRail 2019 conference will build on the success of RSSRail 2016 (June 28-30, 
2016, Paris, France) and RSSRail 2017 (November 14-16, 2017, Pistoia, Italy), and 
will contribute to a range of key objectives. There is a pressing demand to bring 
together researchers and developers working on railway system reliability, security 
and safety to discuss how all of these requirements can be met in an 
integrated way. It is also vital to ensure that advances in research (in both 
academia and industry) are driven by the real industrial needs. This will help 
ensure that such advances are followed by effective industrial deployment. Another 
particularly important objective is to integrate advances in research into the current 
development processes, and make them usable and scalable. Finally, a key goal 
is to develop advanced methods and tools that can ensure that the systems meet 
the requirements imposed by the regulatory standards and help in building 
the supportive arguments.


Development of the complex railway systems of the future requires integrated 
environments and methods that support different abstraction levels and different 
views, including systems architecture, safety analysis, security analysis, 
verification tools and methods.


The conference aims to bring together researchers and engineers interested in building 
critical railway applications and systems. This will be a working conference in which 
research challenges and progress will be discussed and evaluated by both researchers 
and engineers, focusing on their potential to be deployed in industrial settings. 
 
The conference proceedings will be published by Springer in the LNCS series.


We can accept three types of submission:
·       Research papers – not more than 16 pages in length
·       Industrial experience reports – not more than 10 pages in length
·       PhD student papers – not more than 10 pages in length.
 
Topics of particular interest include:
·       Safety in development processes and safety management
·       Combined approaches to safety and security
·       System and software safety analysis
·       Formal modelling and verification techniques
·       System reliability
·       Validation according to the standards
·       Safety and security argumentation
·       Fault and intrusion modelling and analysis 
·       Evaluation of system capacity, energy consumption, cost and their interplay
·       Tool and model integration, tool chains
·       Domain-specific languages and modelling frameworks
·       Model reuse for reliability, safety and security 
·       Modelling for maintenance strategy engineering.
 
The conference submission site is: 
https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=rssrail2019
Submissions must be formatted in the Springer LNCS format
[ for details see   www.springer.com/computer/lncs?SGWID=0-164-6-793341-0  ].
 
The important dates:
January 5, 2019 – abstract submission deadline
January 11, 2019 – paper submission deadline
February 20, 2019 – notification
March 20, 2019 – camera-ready papers submitted.
 
Conference Chairs:
Simon Collart-Dutilleul, IFSTTAR, France 
Thierry Lecomte, ClearSy, France
Alexander Romanovsky, Newcastle University, UK
 
PC members:
Marc Antoni, UIC, France
Carlo Becheri, Alstom, Italy
Fabien Belmonte, Alstom, France
David Bonvoisin, RATP, France                         
Jens Braband, Siemens AG, Germany
Tom Chothia, University of Birmingham, UK      
Fares Chucri, SNCF, France 
Alessandro Fantechi, University of Florence, Italy
Francesco Flammini, Linnaeus University, Sweden   
Barbara Gallina, Mälardalen University, Sweden
Frank Golatowski, Univ. of Rostock, Germany    
Anne Haxthausen, Technical Univ. of Denmark, Denmark
Alexei Iliasov, Newcastle University, UK             
Chris Johnson, University of Glasgow, UK
Hironobu Kuruma, Hitachi, Japan                      
Michael Leuschel, Univ. of Düsseldorf, Germany
Gianluca Mando, Thales, Italy                           
Jan Peleska, Verified Systems Int., Germany 
Peter Popov, City University, UK                        
Etienne Prun, ClearSy, France
Klaus Reichl, Thales, Austria                             
Aryldo Russo, CERTIFER, France
Colin Snook, University of Southampton, UK     
Mariëlle Stoelinga, Univ. of Twente&Radboud Univ. Nijmegen, Netherlands 
Kenji Taguchi, CAV Technologies Co., Ltd, Japan                               
Stefano Tonetta, FBK-irst, Italy
Laurent Voisin, Systerel, France                        
Kirsten Winter, University of Queensland, Australia
 
Conference Organisation and Finance Chair:
Joan Atkinson, Newcastle University, UK   < joan.atkinson@newcastle.ac.uk>
 
Local Organisation Chair:
Nathalie Botticchio, IFSTTAR, France
