=================
QEST+FORMATS 2025
=================

August 25-30, 2025, Aarhus, Denmark
https://www.qest-formats.org/

The second joint event for the International Conferences on
- Quantitative Evaluation of SysTems (QEST) and on
- Formal Modeling and Analysis of Timed Systems (FORMATS)

Part of the CONFEST 2025 umbrella conference
(including also CONCUR and FMICS):
https://conferences.au.dk/confest2025/


---------------
IMPORTANT DATES
---------------

- Abstract submission: April 4, 2025
- Paper submission: April 11, 2025
- Artifact submission: April 18, 2025
- Author notification: May 24, 2025
- Camera-ready submission: June 9, 2025
- Conference: August 25-30, 2025

 (All deadlines are Anywhere on Earth, AoE)


----------------
SCOPE AND TOPICS
----------------

The two flagship conferences QEST (International Conference on
Quantitative Evaluation of SysTems) and FORMATS (International
Conference on Formal Modeling and Analysis of Timed Systems) are
pursuing a strategic process of joining forces and sparking a new
joint conference for quantitative modelling, analysis, and
verification. This culminated in 2024 in the first QEST+FORMATS joint
conference. In 2025, the two conferences will form the second
QEST+FORMATS joint conference, which will be held on 25-30 August 2025
in Aarhus, Denmark, as part of the CONFEST 2025 umbrella conference.

The joint conference is the leading forum for the quantitative
evaluation and verification of systems. QEST+FORMATS aims to promote
the study of fundamental and practical aspects of systems with
quantitative nature (such as probability, timing, and cost). It aims
at bringing together researchers from different disciplines that share
interests in the modelling, design and analysis of computational
systems. Systems of interest include biological and chemical systems;
computer networks; cyber-physical systems; critical infrastructures;
data-driven AI systems; energy systems; hardware and software systems;
industrial systems; and mobility networks. The QEST+FORMATS joint
conference also aims to attract researchers interested in real-time
issues in hardware design, performance analysis, real-time software,
scheduling, semantics and verification of timed, hybrid and
probabilistic systems. In general, the conference aims to attract
experts in quantitative and timed systems from any domain.

Topics and scientific areas of interest include:

* Models and metrics for the correctness, performance, reliability,
  safety, and security of systems (stochastic, probabilistic, and
  non-deterministic models including Markov chains, automata, Petri
  nets, process algebra, max-plus algebra, and their variations);

* Languages and methods for the specification of quantitative
  properties of systems;

* Techniques, algorithms, and data structures for analysis,
  evaluation, and verification of the above models, e.g., for model
  checking, testing, constraint solving, scheduling, optimization, and
  worst-case execution time analysis;

* Quantitative and probabilistic aspects of programming;

* Data-driven and machine-learning techniques for the analysis,
  prediction, and verification of quantitative properties of systems;

* Case studies that highlight the role of quantitative specification,
  modelling, and evaluation in the design and analysis of systems,
  with emphasis on emerging problems and technologies, or novel
  domains;

* Software tools to support the practical application of research
  results in all of the above areas.


----------------
SPECIAL SESSIONS
----------------

This year, QEST+FORMATS will incorporate two special sessions:

- Trustworthy AI & Autonomy:
  We encourage the submission of papers on all quantitative as well as
  data-driven approaches related to the formal analysis, verification,
  and synthesis of autonomous and AI-enabled cyber-physical systems,
  including learning techniques for safety-critical systems and safe
  learning of such systems.

- Exploring New Frontiers - Beyond Traditional Application Domains:
  Quantitative and timed systems are nowadays used in several domains,
  ranging, e.g., from computational biology to computational economics
  and finance, or (process-oriented) data science. We encourage
  submissions from experts in quantitative and timed systems from
  domains typically not central to the QEST+FORMATS community to
  enable cross-fertilization of the fields.


-----------
SUBMISSIONS
-----------

QEST+FORMATS 2025 considers three types of submissions (authors will
be able to specify the type of contribution upon submission):

* Research papers: Theoretical, and methodological contributions that
  advance the understanding of a topic or issue, or describe the
  development of new analysis processes and techniques.

* Case study papers: Contributions that present practical applications
  of quantitative methods to challenging real-world case studies. Case
  study papers shall provide detailed evaluation and insights, and
  highlight the value added to the domain experts.

* Tool papers: Contributions introducing new tools or significant
  improvements of existing ones, and the formalisms they support.
  These papers shall focus on the software architecture, practical
  implementation, and evaluation (e.g., usability, scalability,
  effectiveness). Tool papers must be accompanied by an artifact in
  the Artifact Evaluation as detailed below.

Papers can be regular or short:

* Regular papers must not exceed 16 pages, excluding references.

* Short papers should be limited to 7 pages, also excluding
  references.

* All papers can have an appendix containing supporting material. Note
  that reviewers are not required to read the appendix to fully assess
  the merits of the paper.

We are considering additional presentation-only submission types;
details will be provided in the later CfPs.

All papers must be submitted in Springer's LNCS format and will
undergo a rigorous single-blind review process. All submitted papers
must be unpublished and not be submitted for publication elsewhere.
Papers should be submitted electronically using EasyChair at this link:
https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=qestformats2025

Springer encourages authors to include their ORCIDs in their papers.
Authors should consult Springer's authors' guidelines and use
Springer's LaTeX templates for the preparation of their papers.
Submitted papers not complying with the above guidelines may be
rejected without undergoing review.

We are considering awards for best papers and best artifacts.


------------
PUBLICATIONS
------------

All accepted papers need to be presented and discussed at the
conference by one of the authors. The QEST+FORMATS 2025 proceedings
will be published in an established venue indexed by ISI Web of
Science, Scopus, ACM Digital Library, dblp, Google Scholar. All
submitted papers will be evaluated by at least three reviewers on the
basis of their originality, technical quality, scientific or practical
contribution to the state of the art, methodology, clarity, and
adequacy of references.


-------------
SPECIAL ISSUE
-------------

We plan to organize a special issue. A selection of the best papers
will be invited to submit an extended version of their work to special
issues in internationally recognized journals.


-------------------
ARTIFACT EVALUATION
-------------------

Reproducibility of experimental results is crucial to foster an
atmosphere of trustworthy, open, and reusable research. To improve and
reward reproducibility, QEST+FORMATS 2025 will include a dedicated
Artifact Evaluation (AE). Submission of an artifact is mandatory for
tool papers (both regular and short), and optional but encouraged for
research and case study papers where it can support the results
presented in the paper. More details on this will follow.


----------
COMMITTEES
----------

Program Chairs
- Pavithra Prabhakar, Kansas State University, USA
- Andrea Vandin, Scuola Superiore Sant'Anna Pisa, Italy

Publicity Chairs
- Marco Paolieri, University of Southern California, USA


--------
CONTACTS
--------

For any questions, feel free to contact the program chairs
Pavithra Prabhakar (pprabhakar@ksu.edu) and
Andrea Vandin (andrea.vandin@santannapisa.it).
