Call for Journal-First Presentations

https://icst2021.icmc.usp.br/track/icst-2021-journal-first-papers

The IEEE International Conference on Software Testing, Verification and
Validation (ICST) 2021 invites submissions for presentations of
journal-first papers published recently in prestigious software engineering
journals in all areas of software testing, verification, and validation.
This will both enrich the ICST program as well as offer the authors an
opportunity to present their work to the community.

SCOPE

Applications for journal papers published in:
Software Testing, Verification, and Reliability (STVR)
Journal of Systems and Software (JSS)
Information and Software Technology (IST)
Software Quality Journal (SQJ)
Other journals may be considered on a case-by-case basis.

A journal-first presentation submitted to ICST 2021 must adhere to the
following criteria:

The paper was accepted for publication (i.e., the date of the acceptance
notification) no earlier than 1 January 2019. The paper is in the scope of
the conference, as defined in the call for ICST 2020 research papers. The
paper reports completely new research results or presents novel
contributions that were not previously reported in prior published work.
The paper has not been presented and is not under consideration for
journal-first programs of other conferences.

SUBMISSION OF PROPOSALS
Authors of manuscripts that respect these criteria are invited to fill out
this application form, including the paper title, authors, an extended
abstract, a statement that attests the nature of journal-first paper, and a
pointer to the original journal paper.

EVALUATION AND SELECTION
Authors will be invited to present their paper at ICST 2020 after a check
that the paper is in scope for the conference and it adheres to the
criteria above. The papers will not be reviewed again for technical content.
In case an exceptionally high number of proposals is received, presentation
proposals will be prioritized according to their fit to the conference
theme and structure of sessions.

PUBLICATION
The journal-first manuscripts are published through the journals and will
not be part of the ICST proceedings. The journal-first papers will be
listed in the conference program and the proceeding will only contain the
abstract and a pointer to the journal publication.

PRESENTATION
If a submission is accepted for the journal-first program, at least one
author of the associated journal paper must register and (remotely) attend
the conference to present the paper.

IMPORTANT DATES
Submission deadline: 10 December 2020
Notification: 4 January 2021
Submissions close at 23.59 AoE (Anywhere on Earth, UTC-12)

JOURNAL-FIRST CO-CHAIRS
Augusto Sampaio, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco
Heike Wehrheim, Universitat Paderborn

UPDATED INFORMATION
https://icst2021.icmc.usp.br/track/icst-2021-journal-first-papers

