Call for Papers

ICST 2027 invites high-quality submissions in all software testing, verification, and validation areas. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to, the following:

    AI-assisted software testing
    Automated test generation
    Formal verification
    Manual and social aspects of the software testing process
    Replications, empirical studies, case studies, experience reports
    Software reliability
    Static and dynamic analysis
    Test automation
    Test-driven development and Agile testing
    Testability, test design, and adequacy criteria
    Testing AI-based systems
    Testing and development processes
    Testing, debugging, and repair tools
    Testing education
    Testing in specific domains, such as mobile, web, embedded/cyber-physical systems, concurrent, distributed, cloud, GUI, context-aware, IoT, real-time systems, video games, augmented/virtual reality applications
    Testing of non-functional properties such as security, accessibility, and performance
    Theory of software testing
    Validation and user acceptance techniques

Papers for the research track should present novel and original work that advances the state-of-the-art. Case studies, replication studies, and empirical research papers are also welcome.

Papers with a strong industrial/practical component and focus more on impact than (technical) novelty are encouraged to consider the industry track instead.
Submission Format

Full research papers must conform to the two-column IEEE conference publication format, and not exceed 10 pages, including all text, figures, tables, and appendices; two additional pages containing only references are permitted. It must conform to the IEEE Conference Proceedings Formatting Guidelines (use the letter format template and conference option). The ICST 2027 research track only accepts full research papers. Short papers are not accepted to the research track.

Authors must comply with the IEEE Plagiarism Guidelines. In particular, a submission must not have been published elsewhere and must not be under review elsewhere while under review for ICST. The submission must also comply with the IEEE Policy on Authorship.
Double-blind Reviewing

Each submission will be reviewed by at least three members of the ICST 2027 Program Committee. We employ a double-blind reviewing process. No submission may reveal its authors’ identities. Authors must make every effort to honour the double-anonymous review process. In particular, the authors’ names must be omitted from the submission, and references to their prior work should be in the third person. All artifacts, such as replication packages and tools, associated with the submission must also be anonymized. Any submission that does not comply with the above requirements may be rejected by the PC Chairs without further review. Authors with further questions on double-blind reviewing are encouraged to contact the Program Chairs by email.
New this year!

Initial notification will be Accept, Major Revision or Reject for the first time in ICST. This will allow authors of papers with comments that can be addressed within a 5-weeks period a chance to improve their papers.
Submissions

Submissions to the Research Papers Track that meet the above requirements can be made via HotCRP at https://icst2027.hotcrp.com/.

If a submission is accepted, at least one author of the paper is required to register for ICST 2027 and present the paper. We expect that the conference will be in-person.
Replication Material

Submissions must supply all information needed to replicate the results and therefore are expected to include or point to an anonymized replication package with the necessary software, data, and instructions. The program committee may consult these packages to resolve open issues. If a paper does not come with a replication package, authors should comment on its absence.
Important Dates

    Full paper submission: 2nd November 2026
    Initial notification (Accept, Reject or Major revision): 22nd December 2026
    Major revision submission deadline: 31st January 2027
    Final notification (of revised papers): 20th February 2027
    Camera ready: 18th March 2027

Major Revision

This year, ICST introduces a major revision opportunity. Papers receiving a Major Revision decision can be revised in response to the specific revision requests provided by the reviewers. The authors are expected to submit the revised paper, a version of the revised paper with all changes clearly marked in a different color, and an Author Response document addressing each reviewer comment and explaining how the comment was addressed in the revision.

Authors may use this revision opportunity to improve and strengthen their paper in response to the reviewer’ feedback. However, the revision should not constitute a substantially different paper. Reviewers will evaluate the revised paper against the original submission and the requested changes. Revised papers will be examined by the same set of reviewers. An unsatisfactory revision will be rejected.
