15th ACM/IEEE International Conference on Cyber-Physical Systems (ICCPS 2024)

Call for Papers

Important dates
Abstract submission deadline (optional): October 24, 2023 11:59:59pm AoE
Paper submission deadline: October 31, 2023 11:59:59pm AoE
Acceptance/rejection notifications: January 20, 2024 11:59:59pm AoE
Camera ready: March 9, 2024 11:59:59pm AoE
Conference dates: May 13-16, 2024

Website
https://iccps.acm.org/2024/

ACM/IEEE International Conference on Cyber-Physical Systems (ICCPS) is
the premier forum for presenting and discussing the most significant
recent technical research contributions in the field of CPS. ICCPS
2024 will be part of the CPS-IoT Week 2024. In addition to the general
track, we are inviting papers to be submitted to two new tracks of
ICCPS 2024: (i) Safe Learning-Enabled CPS, and (ii) CPS Industrial
Applications.

* General Track calls for papers that make substantial technical
contributions to the foundational aspects of Cyber-Physical Systems
(CPS) science and engineering. Papers should be motivated by one or
more applications of CPS, offering novel perspectives or advancements
that significantly add to the current understanding or development of
CPS technologies.

* Safe Learning-Enabled CPS Track calls for submissions in topics
related to safety of AI, ML, and autonomy components in the context of
safety critical CPS. We invite papers that delve into the safety
aspects of AI and ML-enabled CPS, discussing risks, mitigation
strategies, as well as new methodologies and technologies contributing
to the secure and reliable operation of these systems.

* Deployments and Industrial Applications Track seeks papers that
describe innovative industrial applications or practices related to
CPS. We encourage submissions that provide outside of the lab,
real-world deployments, and report on challenges and state-of-the-art
practices in CPS deployment in industrial settings. Please note, at
least one co-author should have a clear association with the industry.


The topics of interest include (but not limited to)
* AI and Machine Learning for CPS including Safe Autonomy
* Safety and Resilience for CPS
* Architectures and Networking for CPS
* Software platforms and systems for CPS
* Foundations of CPS
* Human-machine interactions
* Sensing and monitoring
* Specification languages and requirements
* Design, optimization, and synthesis
* Testing, verification, certification
* Security, trust, and privacy in CPS
* CPS for social good
* Tools, testbeds, demonstrations and deployments
* CPS applications in power systems, infrastructure networks,
transportation, healthcare, aerospace, etc.

Papers in all tracks will be judged on soundness, significance,
verifiability of claims, and presentation quality. The accepted papers
will be included in the conference proceeding published via
IEEE-Xplore. One of the accepted papers will be selected to win the
Best Paper Award. We also encourage authors of the accepted papers to
participate in the Artifact Evaluation. Papers that pass the Artifact
Evaluation will receive a badge. Participation in Artifact Evaluation
or a justification on why this is not applicable will be taken into
account in Best Paper Award eligibility.

Submissions: All submissions must be in English. Only original papers
that are not submitted or published in other conferences or journals
will be considered. ICCPS 2024 will employ a light-weight double-blind
review for submitted papers, in which authors must adhere to two
rules: (i) authors’ names and institutions must be omitted; and (ii)
reference to the authors’ own related work should be in the third
person. Manuscripts should have a main body with no more than 10 pages
including references in IEEE-two-column conference style, using US
Letter (8.5-inch x 11 inch) paper size. An appendix of up to two
additional pages may follow the main body of the paper. Submission
site: https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=iccps2024

General Chairs
Abhishek Dubey, Vanderbilt University
Lu Feng, University of Virginia

Program Chairs:
Madhur Behl, University of Virginia
Necmiye Ozay, University of Michigan

Publicity Chairs
Asia: Zhihao Jiang, Shanghai Tech University
Europe: Sadegh Soudjani, Newcastle University
America: Parasara Duggirala, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill

Posters and Demos Chairs
Jing Shuang (Lisa) Li, University of Michigan
Rahul Bhadani, University of Alabama

Publication Chair
Truong Nghiem, North Arizona University

Artifact Evaluation Chairs
Radoslav Ivanov, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
Daniel Fremont, UC Santa Cruz

Web and Social Media Chairs
Xugui Zhou - University of Virginia
Kuk Jin Jang - University of Pennsylvania