Subject: [FME Events] Call for papers: VSTTE 2023

Call for papers: VSTTE 2023 (15th International Conference on Verified
Software: Theories, Tools and Experiments)

(Apologies for multiple copies)

=== Overview

The goal of the VSTTE conference series is to advance the state of the art
in the science and technology of software verification, through the
interaction of theory development, tool evolution, and experimental
validation.

The Verified Software Initiative (VSI), spearheaded by Tony Hoare and
Jayadev Misra, is an ambitious research program for making large-scale
verified software a practical reality. The International Conference on
Verified Software: Theories, Tools and Experiments (VSTTE) is the main
forum for advancing the initiative. VSTTE brings together experts spanning
the spectrum of software verification in order to foster international
collaboration on the critical research challenges. The theoretical work
includes semantic foundations and logics for specification and
verification, and verification algorithms and methodologies. The tools
cover specification and annotation languages, program analyzers, model
checkers, interactive verifiers and proof checkers, automated theorem
provers and SAT/SMT solvers, and integrated verification environments. The
experimental work drives the research agenda for theory and tools by taking
on significant specification/verification exercises covering hardware,
operating systems, compilers, computer security, parallel computing, and
cyber-physical systems.

The 2023 edition of VSTTE will be the 15th international conference in the
series, and will be co-located with FMCAD 2023 in Ames, Iowa, USA.

For details, see the VSTTE conference webpage at
https://homepage.cs.uiowa.edu/~ajreynol/VSTTE2023/.

=== Paper Submissions

We welcome submissions describing significant advances in the production of
verified software, i.e., software that has been proved to meet its
functional specifications. Submissions of theoretical, practical, and
experimental contributions are equally encouraged, including those that
focus on specific problems or problem domains. We are especially interested
in submissions describing large-scale verification efforts that involve
collaboration, theory unification, tool integration, and formalized domain
knowledge. We also welcome papers describing novel experiments and case
studies evaluating verification techniques and technologies.

Topics of interest for this conference include, but are not limited to,
requirements modeling, specification languages,
specification/verification/certification case studies, formal calculi,
software design methods, automatic code generation, refinement
methodologies, compositional analysis, verification tools (e.g., static
analysis, dynamic analysis, model checking, theorem proving,
satisfiability), tool integration, benchmarks, challenge problems, and
integrated verification environments.

VSTTE 2023 will accept both long (limited to 16 pages, excluding
references) and short (limited to 10 pages, excluding references) paper
submissions. Short submissions also cover Verification Pearls describing an
elegant proof or proof technique. Submitted research papers and system
descriptions must be original and not submitted for publication elsewhere.
Submissions of theoretical, practical, and experimental contributions are
equally encouraged, including those that focus on specific problems or
problem domains.

Papers will be submitted via EasyChair at the VSTTE 2023 conference page (
https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=vstte2023). Submissions that arrive
late, are not in the proper format, or are too long will not be considered.
The post-conference proceedings of VSTTE 2023 will be published as a LNCS
volume by Springer-Verlag. Authors of accepted papers will be requested to
sign a form transferring copyright of their contribution to
Springer-Verlag. The use of LaTeX and the Springer LNCS class files is
strongly encouraged.

=== General Chair

Supratik Chakraborty (IIT Bombay, India)

=== Program Chairs

Serdar Tasiran (Amazon Web Services, USA)
Andrew Reynolds (University of Iowa, USA)

=== Program Committee

Ahmed Irfan (SRI International)
Pierre-Loic Garoche (ENAC)
Gennaro Parlato (University of Molise, Italy)
Hiroshi Unno (University of Tsukuba)
Yuepeng Wang (Simon Fraser University)
Burcu Kulahcioglu Ozkan (Delft University of Technology)
Christel Baier (TU Dresden)
Constantin Enea (Ecole Polytechnique)
Sergio Mover (Ecole Polytechnique)
Haniel Barbosa (Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais)
Supratik Chakraborty (IIT Bombay)
Stefano Tonetta (FBK-irst)
Kirsten Winter (The University of Queensland)
Akash Lal (Microsoft)
Roderick Bloem (Inst. for Applied Information Processing and
Communications, TU Graz)
Carlos Olarte (LIPN, Université Sorbonne Paris Nord)
Borzoo Bonakdarpour (Michigan State University)
Grigory Fedyukovich (Florida State University)
Kristin Yvonne Rozier (Iowa State University)
Pamela Zave (Princeton University)
Yakir Vizel (The Technion)

=== Invited Speakers

Peter Mueller (ETH Zurich)
Arie Gurfinkel (U Waterloo)

=== Invited Tutorials

VSTTE is jointly organized with FMCAD 2023. We will have two invited
tutorials. The first, Mike Hicks (Amazon Web Services, USA), will give a
two hour tutorial as part of the VSTTE program. The second, Robert Jones
(Amazon Web Services, USA), will give a one hour tutorial as part of the
FMCAD program.

=== Important Dates

Abstract submission: July 28, 2023 (AoE) (extended by one week)
Paper submission: August 4, 2023 (AoE) (extended by one week)
Notification of presentation acceptance: September 4, 2023 (AoE)
Final pre-conference paper submission: October 9, 2023 (AoE)
Conference: October 23, 2023
Notification of proceedings acceptance: October 27, 2023 (AoE)
Camera-ready for post-conference proceedings: November 27, 2023 (AoE)

