-----------------------------------------------------------------

                           AVoCS 2019
                  19th International Workshop on
            Automated Verification of Critical Systems

         September 30 - October 1, 2019, Grenoble, France
                      http://avocs19.imag.fr/

                        Call for Papers

-----------------------------------------------------------------

The aim of the AVoCS workshop series is to contribute to the
interaction and exchange of ideas among members of the
international research community on tools and techniques for the
verification of critical systems. In particular, AVoCS 2019 aims
to bring together scientists and engineers that are active in the
area of formal methods, develop tools and techniques for the
automated verification of critical systems, and are interested in
exchanging their experiences in the industrial usage of these
methods and tools.

The subject is to be interpreted broadly and inclusively. It
covers all aspects of automated verification, including model
checking, theorem proving, SAT/SMT constraint solving, abstract
interpretation, and refinement pertaining to various types of
critical systems which need to meet stringent dependability
requirements (safety-critical, business-critical,
performance-critical, etc.). Contributions that describe
different techniques or industrial case studies are encouraged.

The technical programme will consist of invited and contributed
talks and also allows for short presentations of research
ideas. The workshop will be relatively informal, with an emphasis
on discussion where special discussion sessions will be organised
around the research ideas presentations.

*Submission* *Guidelines*

Submissions of full papers to the workshop must not have been
published or be concurrently considered for publication
elsewhere. All submissions will be peer-reviewed and judged on
the basis of originality, contribution to the field, technical
and presentation quality, and relevance to the
workshop. Submissions are handled via Easychair:

     https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=avocs19

The papers must be written in English and should not exceed 15
pages, not counting references and appendices, in Springer LNCS
format.

AVoCS also encourages the submissions of research ideas in order
to stimulate discussions at the workshop. Reports on ongoing work
or surveys on work published elsewhere are welcome. The Programme
Committee will select research ideas on the basis of submitted
abstracts according to significance and general
interest. Research ideas must be written in English and not
exceed 2 pages using the Springer LNCS format. The presentation
of these ideas will be organised around discussions, where the
presenter should also prepare a set of questions in which the
audience will discuss.

*List* *of* *Topics*

     Model Checking
     Automatic and Interactive Theorem Proving
     SAT, SMT or Constraint Solving for Verification
     Abstract Interpretation
     Specification and Refinement
     Requirements Capture and Analysis
     Verification of Software and Hardware
     Specification and Verification of Fault Tolerance
       and Resilience
     Probabilistic and Real-Time Systems
     Dependable Systems
     Verified System Development
     Industrial Applications

*Important* *Dates*

     Abstract submission deadline:      26  May 2019
     Paper submission deadline:         02 June 2019
     Author notification:               23 June 2019
     Camera-ready paper versions due:   07 July 2019

*Committees*

*Program* *Committee*

     Maurice H. ter Beek, ISTI-CNR, Pisa, Italy
     Saddek Bensalem, University Grenoble Alpes, Verimag, France (chair)
     Marius Bozga, CNRS, Verimag, Grenoble, France (co-chair)
     Tom van Dijk, University of Twente, The Netherlands
     Iulia Dragomir, GMV Aerospace and Defence, Spain
     Bart Jacobs, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, Belgium
     Michael Leuschel, University of Düsseldorf, Germany
     Stephan Merz, Inria Nancy/LORIA, France
     Ayoub Nouri, Huawei, France
     Andrew Reynolds, University of Iowa, USA
     Markus Roggenbach, Swansea University, UK
     Mihaela Sighireanu, IRIF, University Paris Diderot and CNRS, France
     Caterina Urban, INRIA, France
     Florian Zuleger, Vienna University of Technology, Austria

*Steering* *Committee*

     Michael Goldsmith, University of Oxford, UK
     Stephan Merz, INRIA Nancy & LORIA, France
     Markus Roggenbach, Swansea University, UK

*Publication*

At the workshop, pre-proceedings will be available in the form of
a pre-proceedings report; this report will also include the
research ideas.  After the workshop, the authors of accepted full
papers will have about one month in order to revise their papers
for publication in the workshop post-proceedings which will
appear in the Electronic Communications of the EASST Open Access
Journal.  Research ideas will not be part of the proceedings in
the Open Access Journal.

Authors of a selection of the best papers presented at the
workshop will be invited to submit extended versions of their
work for publication in a special issue of Elsevier's journal
Science of Computer Programming.

*Venue*

The event will be held in auditorium of the IMAG building at

     Bâtiment IMAG,
     Université Grenoble Alpes,
     700, Avenue Centrale
     38401 Saint Martin d'Hères
     France

*Contact*

All questions about submissions should be emailed to avocs19@easychair.org.