The Ninth International Workshop on Model-Based Design of Cyber-Physical Systems (CyPhy’19)
www.cyphy.org

Part of ESWeek (www.esweek.org) in NYC, NY. The conference will take place at the Kimmel Center for University Life.

Call for Papers -- Extended Deadline

Model-Based Design of Cyber-Physical Systems (CyPhy'19) takes a broad interpretation of the area and aims to facilitate the timely consolidation and sharing of new knowledge from its diverse sub-disciplines. Cyber-physical systems (CPSs) integrate computing and communication capabilities into physical systems and are therefore an important domain for innovation, encompassing robotics; smart homes, buildings, and mobility solutions; medical implants; drones, and numerous others. CPSs are also the medium through which next-generation Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning applications will be deployed, and are a growing source of big data. CyPhy'19 brings together researchers and practitioners working on next-generation technologies for modeling, development, analysis, simulation, optimization, evaluation, and deployment of CPSs.

This year, Professor Edward A. Lee (UC Berkeley) will give the invited talk.

Important Dates

Abstract submission August 12th, 2019
Paper deadline August 16th, 2019
Notifications September 6th, 2019
Camera-ready October 25th, 2019
Workshop October 17-­18th, 2019

Topics of interest include but are not limited to:

* Case studies and applications: Experience and case studies in the development of industrial and/or research­-oriented cyber­-physical systems in domains such as smart mobility, health innovation, medical and healthcare devices, smart­ homes, emerging communication and networking technologies (for example 5G and 6G), Internet­-of-­Things, 

* Methods: Systematic, rigorous, and set-based methods for modeling, implementation, simulation, optimization, manufacturing, testing, and verification of cyber­-physical systems; model­-based engineering, systems engineering; the use of formal verification and reachability analysis tools; counterexample­-guided abstraction refinement (CEGAR), safe/verified Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning (AI/ML), 

* Tools: New tool technologies, evaluations of novel research tools, extensive case studies and industrial experiences, comparisons of state of the art tools in realistic contexts, and

* Foundations: Domain-specific languages (DSLs) including hybrid automata, hybrid process calculi, and differential games; models of computation; multi-domain modeling languages; correctness of implementations, interval computation and validated numerical methods; experimental model validation.

Submission Types and Proceedings

Three types of papers will be solicited and evaluated: 1) research papers, 2) advanced tutorials, and 3) tool demonstrations. Papers are expected to be around 15-25 pages long in LNCS format.

* Research papers will be evaluated according to the traditional standards of novelty, technical contribution, clarity, and overall quality of presentation. Such papers may contain theoretical results, experimental results, or cases studies that go beyond the scope of what prior art has been able to address. Research papers may also address open problems. Such papers will be evaluated based on the extent to which these problems were not articulated previously and the extent to which they are clear and actionable. Research papers may also be surveys. Such papers will be evaluated based on their timeliness, the absence of comparable surveys, how comprehensive they are, and the extent to which they organize existing information in a useful manner.

* Advanced tutorials will be evaluated based on the extent to which they make it clear that there is a need for expository material on this subject, that there is currently a shortage of such material, the technical depth of the material covered, and the accessibility and overall quality of the presentation.

* Tool demonstrations will be evaluated based on the timeliness of the presentation of the tool, the extent to which the tool can address problems that are currently much more difficult or impossible by existing tools, and the accessibility and overall quality of the presentation.

As with previous years, the proceedings are expected to be published in the Springer Verlag Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series. To maximize the benefit from the workshop, authors will be asked to first prepare a camera-ready copy of accepted papers before the meeting, and to submit a revised version that takes into account workshop feedback after the meeting.

Submission

Papers should be submitted electronically via the EasyChair web site:
https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=cw19

Papers should be formatted according to the Springer LNCS Style:
https://www.springer.com/computer/lncs?SGWID=0-164-6-793341-0

Papers should be submitted in PDF. Except for regular research papers, the paper category must be indicated at the end of the title in parenthesis at the time of the initial submission and in the final camera-ready version.

Simultaneous submission to other venues with a formal publication (workshops, conferences, symposia, and journals) is not allowed. Duplicated submissions or other types of plagiarism will result in rejection and a report will be sent to the corresponding institution's dean or manager.

Papers not adhering to the format or page limit may be rejected without a review.

Organizers

Program Committee (CyPhy19 and WESE19)
Houssam Abbas, Oregon State University 
Erika Abraham, RWTH Aachen University 
Julien Alexandre dit Sandretto, ENSTA ParisTech 
Ayman Aljarbouh, Grenoble Alpes 
Matthias Althoff, TU Munich 
Henric Andersson, Environment & Innovation 
Stanley Bak, Safe Sky Analytics 
Ferenc Bartha, Independent 
Saddek Bensalem, University of Grenoble 
Sergiy Bogomolov, Australian National University 
Mirko Bordignon, Fraunhofer IPA, Germany 
Manfred Broy, TU München 
Manuela Bujorianu, University of Strathclyde 
Daniela Cancila, Commissariat à l'Energie Atomique (CEA) 
Thao Dang, Verimag, France 
Alex Dean, North Carolina State University 
Rayna Dimitrova, Leicester 
Adam Duracz, Rice University 
Sinem Coleri Ergen, Koc University 
Xinyu Feng, USTC 
Martin Fränzle, University of Oldenburg 
Goran Frehse, Université Grenoble Alpes 
Laurent Fribourg, CNRS 
Helen Gill, Retired 
Ichiro Hasuo, University of Tokyo 
Holger Hermanns, Saarland University 
Bardh Hoxha, South Illinois University 
Jun Inoue, AIST 
Daisuke Ishii, Tokyo Institute of Technology 
Taylor T. Johnson, Vanderbilt University 
Mehdi Kargahi, University of Tehran 
Ueda Kazunori, Waseda University 
Michal Konečný, Aston University 
Vladik Kreinovich, University of Texas at Elpaso 
Kim G. Larsen, Aalborg University 
Lucia Lo Bello, University of Catania 
Peter Marwedel, TU Dortmund 
Karl Meinke, KTH 
Nacim Meslem, Grenoble INP 
Stefan Mitsch, CMU 
Yilin Mo, Tsinghua 
Eugenio Moggi, Università degli studi di Genova 
Wojciech Mostowski, Halmstad University 
Mohammad Reza Mousavi, Leicester University 
Marco Mugnaini, University of Sienna 
Jogesh Muppala, Hong Kong University of Science & Technology 
Andreas Naderlinger, University of Salsburg 
Marc Pouzet, ENS 
Maria Prandini, Politecnico di Milano 
Nacim Ramdani, University of Orleans 
Andreas Rauh, University of Rostock 
Michel Reniers, Eindhoven University of Technology 
Jan Oliver Ringert, Leicester 
Bernhard Rumpe, RWTH University Aachen 
Maytham Safar, Kuwait University 
Cherif Salama, American University in Cairo 
Ashraf Salem, Ain Shams University 
Falk Salewski, Muenster University of Applied Sciences 
Erwin Schoitsch, Austrian Institute of Technology 
Ulrik P. Schultz, University of Southern Denmark, Denmark 
Marjan Sirjani, Mälardalen University 
Martin Steffen, Oslo University 
Marielle Stoelinga, Radboud University, the Netherlands 
Zain Ul-Abdin, HEC Pakistan 
Rafael Wisniewski, Aalborg University 
Andreas Wortmann, RWTH Aachen University, Germany 
Sebastian Wrede, Bielefeld University, Germany 
Yingfu Zeng, Rice University 
Mikal Ziane, Lip6, Laboratoire d'Informatique de Paris, France 

Program Chair
Walid Taha, Halmstad University

Publicity Chair
Abd-Elhamid M. Taha, Alfaisal University

Advisory Committee
Manfred Broy, Technische Universität München
Karl Iagnemma, MIT
Karl Henrik Johansson, Royal Institute of Technology
Insup Lee, University of Pennsylvania
Pieter Mosterman, McGill University
Janos Sztipanovits, Vanderbilt University
Walid Taha, Halmstad University
