---------------------------------------------------------------------
                     First Call for Papers
                            FACS'22
18th International Conference on Formal Aspects of Component Software
            Oslo, Norway, 10-11 November, 2022 (online)
              https://facs-conference.github.io/2022
---------------------------------------------------------------------


FOLLOW US
  All updates on https://twitter.com/facs_conf.

IMPORTANT DATES
  Abstract submission deadline: 24 Jun, 2022 (AoE)
  Paper submission deadline: 4 Jul, 2022 (AoE)
  Notification: 5 Sep, 2022 (AoE)
  Final version due: 26 Sep, 2022 (AoE)

INVITED SPEAKERS

 - Christel Baier, TU Dresden, Germany
 - Renato Neves, University of Minho, Portugal
 - Ina Schaefer, Karlsruhe IT, Germany
 - Volker Stolz, Western Norway University of Applied Science, Norway 

SCOPE

  FACS 2022 is concerned with how formal methods can be applied to component-
  based software and system development. Formal methods have provided 
  foundations for component-based software through research on mathematical 
  models for components, composition and adaptation, and rigorous approaches to 
  verification, deployment, testing, and certification.

TOPICS

  The conference seeks to address the applications of formal methods in all
  aspects of software components and services. FACS aims at developing a
  community-based understanding of relevant and emerging research problems
  through formal paper presentations and lively discussions. FACS 2022 welcomes 
  contributions including but not limited to:

  - Formal methods, models, and languages for components and services, including
     + verification techniques (e.g., model checking, type systems, testing, 
      runtime analysis),
     + probabilistic techniques,
     + (co-)simulation techniques,
     + composition and deployment,
     + component interaction,
     + software variability,
     + QoS and other non-functional properties (e.g., trust, compliance, 
      security, privacy);
  - Formal aspects of concrete component-based systems, including
     + service-oriented architectures,
     + business processes,
     + cloud or edge computing,
     + real-time/safety-critical systems,
     + hybrid and cyber physical systems,
     + quantum systems,
     + components that use artificial intelligence;
  - Tools supporting formal methods for components and services;
  - Case studies and experience reports over the above topics.


SUBMISSIONS

  We solicit high-quality submissions reporting on:

    A - full papers: original research, applications and experiences, or surveys 
      16 pages);
    B - short papers: tools and demonstrations (6 pages);
    C - journal-first papers (4 pages).

  Please use the Easychair link below to submit your paper:
    https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=facs2022

  Each paper will undergo a thorough review process. Submissions will be judged 
  on the basis of significance, relevance, correctness, originality, and 
  clarity. Accepted papers from all categories will be published by Springer, 
  in the Lecture Notes for Computer Science series. The page limit excludes 
  references and appendices. Papers should be prepared in LaTeX or Microsoft 
  Word, adhering to the Springer LNCS format and Guidelines. Submissions must 
  be in PDF format. For further information please visit
    http://www.springer.com/lncs.

  All accepted papers must be presented at the conference. Their authors must 
  be prepared to sign a copyright transfer statement. At least one author of 
  each accepted paper must register to the conference by the early registration 
  date, and present the paper.


  = Full and tool/short publications (A, B) =

  All submissions in categories A and B must be original, unpublished, and not 
  submitted concurrently for publication elsewhere. A special journal issue is 
  planned for extended versions of selected papers from categories A and B from 
  FACS 2022.

  = Journal-first publications (C) =

  Submissions in category C must be 4-page abstracts of journal papers 
  published after January 1st, 2021. Authors of published papers in 
  high-quality journals can submit a proposal to present their journal paper at 
  FACS. The journal paper must adhere to the following criteria:
  - It is clearly in the scope of FACS.
  - It is recent: only journal papers available after January 1st, 2021 (online 
    or printed) can be presented.
  - It reports new research results that significantly extend prior work. As 
    such, the journal paper does not simply extend prior work with material 
    presented for completeness only (such as omitted proofs, algorithms, minor 
    enhancements, or empirical results).
  - It has not been presented at, and is not under consideration for,
    journal-first programs of other similar conferences or workshops.
  Journal-first submissions must be marked as such in EasyChair, and they must 
  explicitly include pointers to the journal publication (such as a DOI).


PROGRAM COMMITTEE
  Farhad Arbab, CWI and Leiden University, Netherlands
  Kyungmin Bae, Pohang University of Science and Technology, Korea
  Guillermina Cledou, University of Minho, Portugal
  Peter Csaba Ölveczky, University of Oslo, Norway
  Brijesh Dongol, University of Surrey, UK
  Clemens Dubslaff, Technische Universität Dresden, Germany
  Marie Farrell, National University of Ireland Maynooth, Irland
  Samir Genaim, IMDEA, Spain
  Fatemeh Ghassemi, University of Tehran, Iran
  Ludovic Henrio, INRIA, Lyon, France
  Sung-Shik Jongmans, Open University and CWI, Netherlands
  Olga Kouchnarenko, University of Franche-Comté, France
  Ivan Lanese, University of Bologna, Italy
  Zhiming Liu, Southwest University, China
  Mieke Massink, CNR ISTI, Italy
  Jacopo Mauro, University of Southern Denmark, Denmark
  Hernán Melgratti, University of Buenos Aires, Argentina
  Catuscia Palamidessi, INRIA Saclay, France
  Corina Pasareanu, CMU, USA
  José Proença, Polytechnic Institute of Porto, Portugal
  Violet Ka I Pun, University of Oslo, Norway
  Gwen Salaün, Université Grenoble Alpes, France
  Camilo Rocha, Pontificia Universidad Javeriana Cali, Colombia
  Luís Soares Barbosa, University of Minho, Portugal
  Silvia Lizeth Tapia Tarifa, University of Oslo, Norway
  Emilio Tuosto, Gran Sasso Science Institute, Italy
  Anton Wijs, Eindhoven University of Technology, Netherlands
  Shoji Yuen, Nagoya University, Japan


STEERING COMMITTEE 
  Farhad Arbab, CWI and Leiden University, Netherlands
  Kyungmin Bae, Pohang University of Science and Technology, Korea
  Peter Csaba Ölveczky, University of Oslo, Norway
  Sung-Shik Jongmans, Open University and CWI, Netherlands
  Zhiming Liu, Southwest University, China
  Markus Lumpe, Swinburne University of Technology, Australia
  Eric Madelaine, INRIA Sophia Antipolis, France
  Corina Pasareanu, CMU, USA
  José Proença, Polytechnic Institute of Porto & INESC TEC, Portugal
  Gwen Salaün, Université Grenoble Alpes, France
  Luís Soares Barbosa, University of Minho, Portugal
  Anton Wijs, Eindhoven University of Technology, Netherlands

PROGRAM CHAIRS
  Silvia Lizeth Tapia Tarifa, University of Oslo, Norway
  José Proença, Polytechnic Institute of Porto & INESC TEC, Portugal

ORGANISING COMMITTEE
  Rudolf Schlatte, University of Oslo, Norway
  Silvia Lizeth Tapia Tarifa, University of Oslo, Norway
  José Proença, Polytechnic Institute of Porto & INESC TEC, Portugal


More information: https://facs-conference.github.io/2022
