CALL FOR PAPERS
===============

17th International Symposium on Automated Technology for Verification
and Analysis (ATVA 2019)

October 28-31, 2019, Taipei, Taiwan.

http://atva2019.iis.sinica.edu.tw


Scope
-----

ATVA 2019 is the 17th in a series of symposia dedicated to the 
promotion of research on theoretical and practical aspects of 
automated analysis, verification, and synthesis by providing a 
forum for interaction between local and international research 
communities and industry in the field. Previous events were 
held in Taipei (2003-2005), Beijing (2006), Tokyo (2007), 
Seoul (2008), Macao (2009), Singapore (2010), Taipei (2011), 
Thiruvananthapuram (2012), Hanoi (2013), Sydney (2014), 
Shanghai (2015), Chiba (2016), Pune (2017), and Los Angeles (2018).

As in the previous years, the proceedings will be published in 
Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series. 

ATVA 2019 solicits high-quality submissions on, but not limited
to, the following topics:

* Formalisms for modeling hardware, software, and embedded systems
* Specification and verification of finite- and infinite-state systems
* Program analysis, symbolic execution, and software verification
* Verification of hardware, systems-on-chip, and embedded systems
* Analysis of real-time, hybrid, and probabilistic systems
* Deductive, algorithmic, and compositional analysis and verification
* Analytical techniques for safety, security, and dependability
* Testing and runtime analysis based on verification technology
* Analysis and verification of parallel and concurrent systems
* Verification in industrial practice
* Synthesis of hardware and software systems
* Applications and case studies
* Automated tool support


Submissions
-----------

ATVA invites submissions in two categories:

* Regular research papers (16 pages, including references)
* Tool papers (6 pages, including references)

Submissions must be in Springer's LNCS format. Additional material 
may be placed in an appendix, to be read at the discretion of the
reviewers and to be omitted in the final version. Formatting style
files and further guidelines for formatting can be found at the
Springer website.

Tool papers must include information about a URL from where the tool
can be downloaded or accessed online for evaluation. The URL must
also contain a set of examples and a user manual that describes the 
usage of the tool through examples. In case the tool needs to be
downloaded and installed, the URL must contain instructions for
installation of the tool on Linux/Windows/MacOS.

Papers must be submitted to the EasyChair site at
https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=atva2019

Accepted papers in both categories will be published in Springer's
LNCS series. A small selection of accepted papers will be considered 
for a distinguished paper award.

At least one author of each accepted paper is expected to register and
present the paper at the conference. We will offer free accommodation 
for a limited number of students with an accepted paper.

ATVA 2019 will have an artifact evaluation stage.  The authors of 
accepted papers will be invited to submit an artifact for evaluation 
by the Artifact Evaluation Committee (AEC). 
An artifact is any additional material (software, data sets, 
machine-checkable proof, etc) that substantiates the claims made in 
the paper and ideally makes them fully reproducible. 
AEC members will execute the submitted artifacts and check if they 
produce the same results as those reported in the papers. This 
submission is voluntary, but encouraged, and will not influence the 
final decision of the papers. Papers that pass the artifact evaluation 
will receive a badge printed on the papers themselves.  More details 
can be found on the conference website.

Important Dates
---------------
Abstract Submission: April 26, 2019
Paper Submission: May 3, 2019
Notification: June 16, 2019
Camera-Ready version: July 12, 2019
Conference: October 28-31, 2019


Invited Speakers for keynotes and tutorials
-------------------------------------------

Armin Biere, Johannes Kepler University Linz
Patricia Bouyer, CNRS and ENS de Cachan
Rupak Majumdar, Max-Plack Institute for Software Systems

Program Chairs
--------------

Yu-Fang Chen, Academia Sinica
Chih-Hong Cheng, fortiss – Research Institute of the Free State of Bavaria
Javier Esparza, TU Munich


Program Committee
-----------------

Erika Abraham, RWTH Aachen University
Mohamed Faouzi Atig, Uppsala University
Christel Baier, TU Dresden
Saddek Bensalem, VERIMAG
Udi Boker, Interdisciplinary Center (IDC) Herzliya
Luca Bortolussi, University of Trieste
Franck Cassez, Macquarie University
Krishnendu Chatterjee, Institute of Science and Technology (IST)
Yu-Fang Chen, Academia Sinica
Chih-Hong Cheng, fortiss – Research Institute of the Free State of Bavaria
Alessandro Cimatti, FBK-irst
Loris D’Antoni, University of Wisconsin-Madison
Alexandre Duret-Lutz, LRDE/EPITA
Javier Esparza, Technical University of Munich
Bernd Finkbeiner, Saarland University
Pierre Ganty, IMDEA Software Institute
Keijo Heljanko, University of Helsinki
Stefan Katzenbeisser, TU Darmstadt
Siau-Cheng Khoo, National University of Singapore
Orna Kupferman, Hebrew University
Ondrej Lengal, Brno University of Technology (AEC Chair)
Shang-Wei Lin, Nanyang Technological University
Anthony Widjaja Lin, University of Oxford
Hakjoo Oh, Korea University
Doron Peled, Bar Ilan University
Pavithra Prabhakar, Kansas State University
Indranil Saha, University of California, Los Angeles
Sven Schewe, University of Liverpool
Jun Sun, Singapore University of Technology and Design
Michael Tautschnig, Queen Mary University of London
Tachio Terauchi, Waseda University
Ashish Tiwari, Microsoft
Bow-Yaw Wang, Academia Sinica
Farn Wang, National Taiwan University
Chao Wang, University of Southern California
Zhilin Wu, Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences
Lijun Zhang, Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences

Local Arrangement Chair
-----------------------

Ming-Hsien Tsai, Academia Sinica

Steering Committee
------------------

E Allen Emerson, University of Texas, Austin
Teruo Higashino, Osaka University
Oscar H Ibarra, University of California, Santa Barbara
Insup Lee, University of Pennsylvania
Doron A Peled, Bar Ilan University
Farn Wang, National Taiwan University
Hsu-Chun Yen, National Taiwan University
