TVA 2024: Call for Papers

The 22nd International Symposium on Automated Technology for Verification and Analysis (ATVA), will take place in Kyoto, Japan, October 21-24, 2024. For more information, see https://atva-conference.org/2024/.
SCOPE

ATVA 2024 is the 22nd in a series of symposia aimed at bringing together academics, industrial researchers, and practitioners in the area of theoretical and practical aspects of automated analysis, synthesis, and verification of hardware and software systems. ATVA solicits high quality submissions in the following non-exhaustive list of topics:

    Formalisms for modeling hardware, software, and embedded systems

    Specification and verification of finite-state, infinite-state, and parameterized system

    Program analysis and software verification

    Analysis and verification of hardware circuits, systems-on-chip, and embedded systems

    Analysis of real-time, hybrid, priced, weighted, and probabilistic systems

    Deductive, algorithmic, compositional, and abstraction/refinement techniques for analysis and verification

    Analytical techniques for safety, security, and dependability

    Testing and runtime analysis based on verification technology

    Analysis and verification of parallel and concurrent systems

    Verification in industrial practice

    Synthesis for hardware and software systems

    Applications and case studies

    Automated tool support

PAPER SUBMISSION

Submissions will be accepted in two categories:

    Regular Research Papers (18 pages max, excl. references, must be anonymized)

    Tool Papers (10 pages max, excl. References, not anonymized).

Please note that, for the first time at ATVA, the submission process for regular research papers will be double blind and will include a rebuttal/author response period. Also for the first time, an artifact evaluation will be under-taken, which will be optional for regular papers and mandatory for tool papers. Submissions authored or co-authored by members of the program committee are allowed and encouraged.

Accepted papers in both categories will be published in Springer’s Lecture Notes in Computer Science series. At least one author of each accepted paper is expected to register and present the paper at the conference.

A few outstanding papers will be selected for a distinguished paper award.

All papers must be submitted through EasyChair.
IMPORTANT DATES (all dates AOE):

Paper submission: April 19, 2024

AE submission for tool papers: May 2, 2024

Author response/rebuttal period: June 4 - June 7, 2024

Author notification: June 19, 2024

AE submission for regular papers: June 25, 2024

AE notification: August 10, 2024

Final version due: August 15, 2024

Conference dates: Oct 21-24, 2024

Conference webpage: https://atva-conference.org/2024/

CONTACT

For any questions, please contact the PC chairs:

Aina Niemetz (niemetz@cs.stanford.edu)

S. Akshay (akshayss@cse.iitb.ac.in)

Sriram Sankaranarayanan (srirams@colorado.edu)

Ichiro Hasuo, General Chair  (i.hasuo@acm.org)
