ATVA AT A GLANCE

   - Abstract/Paper submission deadline: May 19/21, 2026 (AoE, extended)
   - 18 pages (regular papers), 4 - 18 pages (tool papers, see details below)
   - Springer LNCS format
   - double-blind (regular papers), single-blind (tool papers)
   - Submission link: atva26.hotcrp.com
   - PC member submissions allowed
   - NEW THIS YEAR: Spotlights of Verification

DETAILED INFORMATION

https://conf.researchr.org/track/aplas-atva-2026/atva-2026#Call-for-Papers

ATVA 2026 is the 24th in a series of Symposia aimed at bringing together
academics, industrial researchers, and practitioners in the area of
theoretical and practical aspects of automated analysis, synthesis, and
verification of hardware and software systems. ATVA solicits high quality
submissions in the following (non-exclusive) list of topics:

   - Formalisms for modeling hardware, software, and embedded systems
   - Specification and verification of finite-state, infinite-state and
     parameterized systems
   - Program analysis and software verification
   - Analysis and verification of hardware circuits, systems-on-chip, and
     embedded systems
   - Analysis of real-time, probabilistic, quantum, hybrid, priced, and
     weighted systems
   - Deductive, algorithmic, compositional, and abstraction/refinement
     techniques for analysis and verification
   - Analytical techniques for safety, security, and dependability
   - Testing and runtime analysis based on verification technology
   - Analysis and verification of parallel and concurrent systems
   - Verification in industrial practice
   - Synthesis for hardware and software systems
   - Applications and case studies of verification
   - Automated tool support for verification
   - Testing and verification of neural networks
   - Testing and verification of autonomous systems

IMPORTANT DATES

   - Abstract submission deadline: May 19, 2026 (AoE)
   - Paper submission deadline: May 21, 2026 (AoE)
   - Tool paper artifact submission deadline: May 28, 2026
   - Early-rejection notification: June 11, 2026
   - Author response period: July 2 - 9, 2026 (AoE)
   - Paper notification: July 23, 2026
   - Regular paper artifact submission deadline: TBA, tentatively approx. 2
     weeks after paper notification
   - Camera-ready deadline: September 10, 2026 (AoE)
   - Tutorials and Workshops: TBA, 2026
   - Conference: December 1 - 5, 2026

SUBMISSIONS

ATVA welcomes submissions in the following two categories:

   - Regular research papers (18 pages, excluding references, must be
     anonymized)
   - Tool papers (up to 18 pages, excluding references, not anonymized)

Submissions in both categories must be in Springer's LNCS format.
Formatting style files and further guidelines for formatting can be found
at the Springer website https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs.
Adding line numbers (LaTeX package lineno) is highly recommended.
Submissions authored or co-authored by members of the program committee are
allowed and encouraged.

An artifact evaluation will be undertaken, which will be optional for
regular papers and mandatory for tool papers.

Papers must be submitted through HotCRP atva26.hotcrp.com ("New
submission"). The papers will be subject to a two-stage review process,
with possible early rejection. Accepted papers in both categories will be
published in Springer's Lecture Notes in Computer Science series. A few
outstanding papers will be selected for a distinguished paper award. At
least one author of each accepted paper is expected to register and present
the paper at the conference.
Regular papers

Regular papers should not exceed 18 pages in Springer's LNCS format, not
counting references and appendices. Additional material may be placed in an
appendix, to be read at the discretion of the reviewers, and to be omitted
in the final version.

Regular papers at ATVA 2026 will follow a full double-blind review process,
which means that author names and affiliations must be omitted from the
submission. Additionally, if a submission refers to prior work done by the
authors, the reference should be made in the third person. These are firm
submission requirements, and any regular paper that does not conform to
these requirements will be rejected without review.

Authors of accepted regular papers will be invited (but are not required)
to submit a relevant artifact for evaluation by the artifact evaluation
committee. The submission deadline for this artifact evaluation will be
soon (approx. 2 weeks) after the paper acceptance notification.

Independent of the artifact evaluation process, research paper authors are
encouraged to include a URL to a repository in their original submission,
if such a repository is available and is pertinent to the paper. This
repository could contain code, datasets, results, etc. This would be for
the consideration of the PC reviewers of the submission, at their
discretion. If such a URL is included in the submission, the contents of
the repository should adhere to the guidelines of a double blind review
process.
Tool papers

Tool papers report on new tools or their version. The tools are expected to
adhere to the usual standards, such as stable operation, acceptance of a
wide range of standard inputs, reasonable user interface etc. The tool
papers clearly explain what is substantially new compared to either
previous versions or to other existing tools. While no novel theory is
required, the sum of the engineering and of the scientific content should
be high enough to warrant a contribution interesting for the community. The
length of the paper is formally up to 18 pages in Springer's LNCS format,
not counting references. The actual length of the paper should be adequate
to the content, i.e., it is up to the authors' judgement and sense to find
a satisfying solution adhering to the rules above; the call for papers does
not impose artificial cuts between "short" and "regular" papers. As a
guidance, papers without any novel algorithm or theory are then typically
around 4 pages.

Tool papers will follow a single-blind review process. They do NOT need to
be anonymized.

Each tool paper submission must be followed by a separate artifact
submission via HotCRP ("New Artifact submission"). Please see the Artifact
Evaluation track instructions in the conference web site for more
information. Papers describing tools that have already been presented (in
any conference) will be accepted only if significant and clear enhancements
to the tool are reported and implemented.

Artifact Evaluation

An artifact evaluation will be undertaken, which will be optional for
regular papers and mandatory for tool papers.

Details will follow soon.
