---------------
CALL FOR PAPERS
---------------

ICFEM2018: 20th International Conference on Formal Engineering Methods (ICFEM
2018)
Gold Coast, Australia, November 12-16, 2018

Web site: http://www.formal-analysis.com/icfem/2018/
Submission link: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=icfem2018
Submission due: May 21, 2018 (extended)

Since 1997, ICFEM provides a forum for both researchers and practitioners who
are interested in developing practical formal methods for software engineering
or applying existing formal techniques to improve software development process
in practice systems. Formal methods for the development of computer systems
have been extensively researched and studied. We now have good theoretical
understandings of how to describe what programs do, how they do it, and why
they work. A range of semantic theories, specification languages, design
techniques, verification methods, and supporting tools have been developed and
applied to the construction of programs of moderate size that are used in
critical applications. The remaining challenge now is how to deal with
problems in developing and maintaining large scale and complex computer
systems.

The goal of this conference is to bring together industrial, academic, and
government experts, from a variety of user domains and software disciplines,
to help advance the state of the art. Researchers, practitioners, tool
developers and users, and technology transfer experts are all welcome. We are
interested in work that has been incorporated into real production systems,
and in theoretical work that promises to bring practical, tangible engineering
benefits.

List of Topics
--------------
Submissions related to the following principal themes are encouraged, but any
topics relevant to the field of formal engineering methods and their practical
applications will also be considered:

+ Abstraction, refinement and evolution
+ Formal specification and modelling
+ Formal verification and analysis
+ Model checking and theorem proving
+ Formal approaches to software testing and inspection
+ Formal methods for self-adaptive systems
+ Formal methods for object-oriented systems
+ Formal methods for component-based systems
+ Formal methods for concurrent and real-time systems
+ Formal methods for cloud computing
+ Formal methods for cyber-physical systems
+ Formal methods for software safety and security
+ Formal methods for software reliability and dependability
+ Development, integration and experiments involving verified systems
+ Formal certification of products under international standards
+ Formal model-based development and code generation

Submission and Publication
--------------------------
Submissions to the conference must not have been published or be concurrently
considered for publication elsewhere. All submissions will be judged on the
basis of originality, contribution to the field, technical and presentation
quality, and relevance to the conference. The proceedings will be published in
the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science series.

Papers should be written in English and should not exceed 16 pages (including
references) in the Springer's LNCS format. Additional material may be placed
in an appendix, to be read at the discretion of the reviewers and to be
omitted in the final version. Formatting style files and further guidelines
for formatting can be found at the Springer website. Submissions should be
made through the ICFEM 2018 submission page, handled by the EasyChair
conference management system.

https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=icfem2018

Important Dates
---------------
+ Full Paper Submissions Due: 21 May 2018 (extended)
+ Workshop/Tutorial Proposals Due: 25 March 2018
+ Acceptance/Rejection Notification: 29 June 2018
+ Camera-ready Due: 29 July 2018

Organizing Committee
--------------------
General Co-Chair
    Jin Song Dong, Griffith University and NUS, Australia

Program Co-Chairs
    Jing Sun, The University of Auckland, New Zealand
    Meng Sun, Peking University, China

Workshop Chair
    Yang Liu, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore

Tutorial Chair
    Jun Sun, Singapore University of Technology and Design, Singapore

Sponsorship Chair
    Zhe Hou, Griffith University, Australia

Web Chair
    Hadrien Bride, Griffith University, Australia

Program Committee
    Bernhard K. Aichernig, TU Graz, Austria
    Cyrille Artho, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, Sweden
    Christian Attiogbe, University of Nantes, France
    Christel Baier, TU Dresden, Germany
    Richard Banach, The University of Manchester, United Kingdom
    Luis Barbosa, University of Minho, Portugal
    Frank De Boer, Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica (CWI), Netherlands
    Michael Butler, University of Southampton, United Kingdom
    Franck Cassez, Macquarie University, Australia
    Ana Cavalcanti, University of York, United Kingdom
    Zhenbang Chen, National University of Defense Technology, China
    Sylvain Conchon, Universite Paris-Sud, France
    Yuxin Deng, East China Normal University, China
    Jin Song Dong, Griffith University and NUS, Australia
    Zhenhua Duan, Xidian University, China
    Marc Frappier, Université de Sherbrooke, Canada
    Stefania Gnesi, ISTI-CNR, Italy
    Lindsay Groves, Victoria University of Wellington, New Zealand
    Ichiro Hasuo, National Institute of Informatics, Japan
    Xudong He, Florida International University, United States
    Zhenjiang Hu, National Institute of Informatics (NII), Japan
    Jie-Hong Roland Jiang, National Taiwan University, Taiwan
    Gerwin Klein, University of New South Wales, Australia
    Fabrice Kordon, LIP6/Sorbonne Universite & CNRS, France
    Michael Leuschel, University of Dusseldorf, Germany
    Yuan-Fang Li, Monash University, Australia
    Yang Liu, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore
    Zhiming Liu, Southwest University, China
    Shuang Liu, Tianjin University, China
    Shaoying Liu, Hosei University, Japan
    Brendan Mahony, Defence Science and Technology Organisation, Australia
    Jim McCarthy, Defence Science and Technology, Australia
    Stephan Merz, Inria Nancy, France
    Mohammad Mousavi, University of Leicester, United Kingdom
    Shin Nakajima, National Institute of Informatics, Japan
    Peter Olveczky, University of Oslo, Norway
    Jun Pang, University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg
    Yu Pei, The Hong Kong Polytechnic University, China
    Geguang Pu, East China Normal University, China
    Shengchao Qin, Teesside University, United Kingdom
    Silvio Ranise, FBK-Irst, Italy
    Adrian Riesco, Universidad Complutense de Madrid, Spain
    Graeme Smith, The University of Queensland, Australia
    Harald Sondergaard, The University of Melbourne, Australia
    Jing Sun, The University of Auckland, New Zealand
    Meng Sun, Peking University, China
    Jun Sun, Singapore University of Technology and Design, Singapore
    Cong Tian, Xidian University, China
    Jaco van de Pol, University of Twente, Netherlands
    Hai H. Wang, University of Aston, United Kingdom
    Zijiang Yang, Western Michigan University, United States
    Wang Yi, Uppsala University, Sweden
    Jian Zhang, Chinese Academy of Sciences, China

Keynote Speakers
----------------
+ Sir Tony Hoare (C. A. R. Hoare):

Sir Tony Hoare is a British computer scientist. He developed the sorting
algorithm quicksort in 1959/1960. He also developed Hoare logic for verifying
program correctness in 1969, and the formal language communicating sequential
processes (CSP) to specify the interactions of concurrent processes in 1985.
He received the Turing Prize and the Kyoto Prize for his fundamental
contributions to the definition and design of programming languages in 1980
and 2000 respectively. Tony Hoare became a professor at Oxford University in
1977 where he is now an Emeritus Professor. Hoare was elected a Fellow of the
Royal Society as well as a Fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering. A
recent personal research goal has been the unification of a diverse range of
theories applying to different programming languages, paradigms, and
implementation technologies. Tony has been and continue to be an inspiration
to many researchers.

+ Professor David Basin:

David Basin is a full professor of Computer Science at ETH Zurich. He received
his Ph.D. in Computer Science from Cornell University in 1989 and his
Habilitation in Computer Science from the University of Saarbrucken in 1996.
From 1997–2002 he held the chair of Software Engineering at the University of
Freiburg in Germany. His research areas are Information Security and Software
Engineering. He is the founding director of the ZISC, the Zurich Information
Security Center, which he led from 2003-2011. He is Editor-in-Chief of the ACM
Transactions on Privacy and Security and of Springer-Verlag's book series on
Information Security and Cryptography. He serves on various management and
scientific advisory boards, co-founded three security companies, and has
consulted extensively for IT companies and government organizations.

+ Professor Ian Hayes:

Ian Hayes is the head of the Systems and Software Engineering Research Group
and the Chair of Computer Science and Electrical Engineering at The University
of Queensland. Ian's research interests are in formal methods for software
development, particularly for concurrent and real-time systems.

Workshops and Tutorials
-----------------------
Workshop or tutorial proposals should be directly sent to the Workshop/
Tutorial Chairs via email. Each proposal should include (1) title, scope, and
aims, (2) brief bio of the organizer or lecturer, and (3) postal and email
addresses.

+ The 7th Asian Workshop of Advanced Software Engineering (AWASE 2018), 16-17
November 2018
+ The 8th international workshop on SOFL + MSVL for Reliability and Security​
(SOFL+MSVL 2018)​, 16 November 2018
+ The 6th International Workshop on Formal Techniques for Safety-Critical
Systems​ (FTSCS 2018)​, 16 November 2018

Contact
-------
All questions should be directed to:

    Institute for Integrated and Intelligent Systems (IIIS), Griffith
University
    Phone: +61 7 3735 3757
    Email: iiis-admin@griffith.edu.au
