CfP: FORTE 2023 - 43nd International Conference on Formal Techniques for Distributed Objects, Components, and Systems (deadline extension)
by Marieke Huisman, Feb. 6, 2023

Highlights
----------
* Extended submission deadlines (all dates below): two extra weeks to prepare your submission
* Two special issues: one for selected accepted papers with artefacts; one for selected regular papers
* Partial rebuttal process for all papers

FORTE 2023 - 43nd International Conference on Formal Techniques for
Distributed Objects, Components, and Systems
June 19-23, 2023. Lisbon, Portugal
Website: www.discotec.org/2023/forte.html

FORTE 2023 is one of the three conferences of DisCoTec 2023, the
18th International Federated Conference on Distributed Computing
Techniques.
www.discotec.org/2023/

Highlights
----------
* Extended submission deadlines (all dates below): two extra weeks to prepare your submission
* Two special issues: one for selected accepted papers with artefacts; one for selected regular papers
* Partial rebuttal process for all papers

Highlights of the 1st CfP
-------------------------
* Main focus: fundamental research on developing distributed software
systems, with emphasis on approaches to formally model, soundly
implement, and rigorously validate such systems and applications.
* Invited speaker: Azalea Raad (Imperial College London, UK)
* Special issue in top journal with selected papers
* Constructive and thorough reviews (at least 3)

Submission Link: easychair.org/conferences/?conf=forte2023
-----------------------------------------------------------

We invite submissions focused on foundational aspects of distributed
software systems, presenting approaches or tools to formally model,
soundly implement, and rigorously validate these demanding but ever
more necessary systems and applications. As our dependency on such
software systems grow, also our responsibility as researchers grows to
provide both trustworthy and usable solutions.

The main topics of interest include:

* Language concepts for concurrency and distribution, supported by
  rigorous semantics, well-supported pragmatics, and/or expressive
  illustrative use-cases.

* Analyses techniques, methodologies, and/or algorithms, using testing
  and/or verification, to validate (aspects of) the soundness of
  various types of concurrent and distributed systems, including
  communication and network protocols, service-oriented systems,
  adaptive distributed systems, cyber-physical systems and sensor
  networks.

* Principles for qualitative and quantitative security analysis of
  distributed systems.

* Applications of formal methods and techniques for studying the
  quality, reliability, availability, and safety of concrete
  distributed systems. We are specially interested in "real-life" case
  studies and industrial applications involving real distributed
  systems.

* Emerging challenges and hot topics in distributed systems (broadly
  construed), such as software-defined networks, distributed ledgers,
  smart contracts, and blockchain technologies, etc.

Categories of papers
--------------------
All papers should be submitted in LNCS format. We solicit papers in
the following categories:

* Regular papers (7-15 pages, not counting references):
  describing thorough and complete research results and experience
  reports. Regular papers may be combined with an artefact submission.
  Companion artefacts to regular submissions will be reviewed by the
  Artefact Evaluation Committee, but the acceptance of the paper is
  decoupled from the acceptance of the artefact (does not depend on
  it).  The acceptance of the artefact, however, is conditional to the
  acceptance of the paper.

* Tool papers (7-15 pages, not counting references):
  describing technological artefacts in the scope of the research
  topics of FORTE.  The paper should present the underlying theory of
  the tool, a clear account of the tool’s functionality and
  limitations, and include case studies (with rigorous experimental
  evaluation).  In addition, the tool artefact must be submitted
  separately for evaluation. Acceptance of the tool artefact is
  mandatory for tool papers to be accepted. The artefact will be
  evaluated by a dedicated committee.  The paper must contain a link
  to a publicly downloadable MPEG-4 demo video of at most 10 minutes,
  to be submitted until a week after the paper submission deadline.

* Short papers (4-6 pages, not counting references):
  describing innovative and promising ideas, possibly in an early
  form, or demonstrating new tools (components), or presenting (i)
  calls to action, or (ii) substantiated reflections on current and/or
  future research perspectives related to FORTE, or a summary of a
  published journal paper clarifying why the presentation would enrich
  the program of FORTE.

Partial Rebuttal
------------
Some papers that raised doubts the reviewers would like to clarify to
consider acceptance, will have 48h to respond to concrete
questions. The responses will be taken into account during the PC
discussions.

Important dates (AoE)
---------------------
* Abstract submission: February 24, 2023
* Paper submission: March 4, 2023 (AoE)
* Artefact and video submission: March 4, 2023 (AoE)
* Rebuttal period: March 30 and 31
* Paper and artefact notification: April 7, 2023
* Camera-ready: April 30, 2023

Proceedings
-----------
The conference proceedings, formed by accepted submissions from *any*
category, will be published by Springer as an LNCS-IFIP volume.

Program Committee chairs
------------------------
Marieke Huisman (University of Twente, Netherlands)
António Ravara (NOVA University Lisbon, Portugal)

Program Committee
-----------------
Elvira Albert (Universidad Complutense de Madrid, Spain)
Jiri Barnat (Masaryk University, Czech Republic)
Georgiana Caltais (University of Twente, Netherlands)
Silvia Crafa (Università di Padova, Italy)
Mariangiola Dezani-Ciancaglini (Università di Torino, Italy)
Adrian Francalanza (University of Malta, Malta)
Hongfei Fu (Shanghai Jiao Tong University, China)
Fatemeh Ghassemi (University of Tehran, Iran)
Helle Hvid Hansen (University of Groningen, Netherlands)
Sung-Shik Jongmans (Open University of the Netherlands; Centrum
Wiskunde & Informatica, Netherlands)
Jan Kofron (Charles University, Czech Republic)
Alfons Laarman (Leiden University, Netherlands)
Claudio Antares Mezzina (Università di Urbino, Italy)
Mohammadreza Mousavi (King's College London, UK)
Daniele Nantes-Sobrinho (Universidade de Brasília, Brasil)
Luca Padovani (Università di Camerino, Italy)
Kirstin Peters (Universität Augsburg, Germany)
Anna Philippou (University of Cyprus, Cyprus)
Anne Remke (WWU Münster, Germany)
Vasco T. Vasconcelos (LaSiGE and Dept. of Informatics, Faculty of
Sciences, University of Lisbon, Portugal)
Rob van Glabbeek (Data61 - CSIRO, Australia)
Yuting Wang (Shanghai Jiao Tong University, China)


Artefact Evaluation Committee chairs
------------------------------------
Mário Pereira (NOVA University Lisbon, Portugal)
Tom van Dijk (University of Twente)

Artefact Evaluation Committee
-----------------------------
TBA
