------------------------------------------------------------------------
Call for Papers of QEST 2019 – Deadline Extended

The 16th International Conference on Quantitative Evaluation of SysTems will be
held in Glasgow, UK, on September 9 - 12, 2019.

http://www.qest.org/qest2019/
------------------------------------------------------------------------
*Conference Highlights*


Invited Speakers

 

- Andrew Gordon (Microsoft Research)

  End-User Probabilistic Programming

 

- Piet Van Mieghem (Delft University of Technology)

  Epidemic Spread on Networks

 

- Andre Platzer (Carnegie Mellon University)

  The Logical Path to Autonomous Cyber-Physical Systems


General Chair
- Gethin Norman, University of Glasgow, UK

Program Co-chairs
- Dave Parker, University of Birmingham, UK
- Verena Wolf, Saarland University, Germany

------------------------------------------------------------------------
*Scope and Topics*

The International Conference on Quantitative Evaluation of SysTems (QEST) is the
leading forum on quantitative evaluation and verification of computer systems
and networks. Areas of interest include quantitative specification methods,
stochastic and non-deterministic models and metrics for performance,
reliability, safety, correctness, and security. QEST is interested in both
theoretical and experimental research. QEST welcomes a diversity of modelling
formalisms, programming languages and methodologies that incorporate
quantitative aspects such as probabilities, temporal properties and other forms
of non-determinism. This includes work on the combination of quantitative
evaluation and verification with machine learning techniques. Papers may advance
empirical, simulation and analytic methods. Of particular interest are case
studies that highlight the role of quantitative specification, modelling and
evaluation in the design of systems. Systems of interest include computer
hardware and software architectures, communication systems, cyber-physical
systems, infrastructural systems, security systems and biological
systems. Papers that describe novel tools to support the practical application
of research results in all of the above areas are also welcome.

*Special Issue*

Extended versions of the best papers will be considered for possible fast-track
publication in a journal special issue.

*Important Dates*

Abstract submission: 15 April 2019 (extended)
Paper submission: 18 April 2019 (extended)
Author notification: 7 June 2019
Final version due: 29 June 2019
Conference: 9-12 September 2019

*Submissions*

All accepted papers (including tool demonstrations) must be presented at the
conference by one of the authors. The QEST 2019 proceedings will be published in
the Springer LNCS series and indexed by ISI Web of Science, Scopus, ACM Digital
Library, dblp, Google Scholar. All submitted papers will be evaluated by at
least three reviewers on the basis of their originality, technical quality,
scientific or practical contribution to the state of the art, methodology,
clarity, and adequacy of references.

QEST considers five types of papers:

- Theoretical: advance our understanding, apply to non-trivial problems and be
  mathematically rigorous.

- Methodological and technical: describe situations that require the development
  and proposal of new analysis processes and techniques.

- Application: describes a novel application, and compares with previous
  results.

- Tools: should motivate the development of the new tools and the formalisms
  they support, with a focus on the software architecture and practical
  capabilities.

- Tool demonstration: describe a relevant tool, as well as its features,
  evaluation, or any other information that may demonstrate the merits of the
  tool.

Submissions must be prepared in LaTeX, following Springer's LNCS guidelines
(https://www.springer.com/de/it-informatik/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines).
Submitted papers should not exceed 16 pages (4 pages for tool
demonstrations). Papers must be unpublished and not be submitted for publication
elsewhere. Authors of tool papers (both regular and demonstration) must make
their tools and input data available to reviewers; reproducibility of results
will be taken into account during the evaluation process, and the conference
will include a demo session. Authors should present use cases, distinctive
features, and computational/memory requirements through motivating
examples. Theoretical background need not be presented in tool demonstration
papers; substantial improvements are required for existing tools. Papers should
be submitted electronically using the EasyChair online submission system
(https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=qest2019).
