QEST 2023: Call for Papers
20th International Conference on Quantitative Evaluation of SysTems (QEST)
20-22 September 2023, Antwerp, Belgium
Co-located with CONCUR, FMICS and FORMATS as part of CONFEST 2023
https://www.qest.org/qest2023

** Scope and Topics

The International Conference on Quantitative Evaluation of SysTems
(QEST) is the leading forum for the quantitative evaluation and
verification of systems.Systems of interest include biological and
chemical systems; computer networks; cyber-physical systems; critical
infrastructures; data-driven AI systems; energy systems; hardware and
software systems; industrial systems; and mobility networks.

QEST 2023 is the 20th conference in the series and will be held on 19-22
September 2023 in Antwerp, Belgium, as part of the CONFEST 2023
umbrella conference.

Topics and scientific areas of interest include:

- languages and methods for the specification of quantitative
  properties of systems;
- quantitative and probabilistic aspects of programming;
- stochastic, probabilistic, and non-deterministic models
  and metrics for the correctness, performance, reliability, safety,
  and security of systems;
- algorithms for the evaluation and
- verification of stochastic, probabilistic, and non-deterministic models;
- data-driven and machine-learning techniques for the analysis, prediction,
  and verification of quantitative properties of systems;
- case studies that highlight the role of quantitative specification,
  modelling, and evaluation in the design and analysis of systems,
  with emphasis on emerging problems and technologies;
- novel tools to support the practical application of research results
  in all of the above areas.

QEST 2023 will set up an artifact evaluation process (details
below). QEST 2023 is open to theoretical, experimental, and
applicative research. The conference welcomes a diversity of modelling
formalisms, programming languages, and methodologies that incorporate
quantitative aspects such as probabilities, temporal properties,
rewards, and forms of non-determinism. Papers may advance the state of
the art on empirical approaches, simulation methods, analysis
techniques, and applications to industrially-relevant case studies.

** Invited Speakers

QEST 2023 features a list of invited speakers that are partially shared
with the other CONFEST 2023 conferences.

QEST invited speakers:

Frans A. Oliehoek, TU Delft, Netherlands
David Parker, Oxford University, UK

CONFEST invited speakers:

Ahmed Bouajjani, Paris Diderot University, France
Joost-Pieter Katoen, RWTH Aachen, Germany
Nicolas Markey, University of Rennes, France
Jaco van de Pol, Aarhus University, Denmark
Anna Slobodova, Intel, USA

** Important Dates

Abstract deadline: 30 April 2023
Full Paper deadline: 07 May 2023
Author notification: 29 June 2023
Conference: 20-22 September 2023

** Submissions

QEST 2023 considers three types of papers (authors will be able to specify
the type of contribution upon submission):

- Research papers: Theoretical, methodological, and application-based
  	   	   contributions that advance the understanding on a
  	   	   topic or issue, describe the development of new
  	   	   analysis processes and techniques, or apply
  	   	   quantitative methods to relevant case studies.

- Tool papers: 	   New tools and the formalisms they support, focusing
       		   on the software architecture and practical
       		   implementation and use. Tool papers must be
       		   accompanied by an artifact in the Artifact
       		   Evaluation.

- Work-in-progress papers: We offer an opportunity to present
  		   preliminary results and receive feedback from the
  		   community. Work-in-progress contributions are not
  		   required to be fully worked-out approaches, for
  		   example regarding validation or technical depth;
  		   however the presented ideas should be mature enough
  		   to appreciate soundness and how they advance our
  		   knowledge.

Research and tool papers can be regular or short:

- Regular papers must not exceed 14 pages, excluding references.
- Short papers should be limited to 7 pages, also excluding references.

All papers can have an appendix containing supporting material.  Note
that reviewers are not required to read the appendix to fully assess
the merits of the paper.

Work-in-progress papers must not exceed 4 pages including references.

All papers must be submitted in Springer’s LNCS format.  All submitted
papers must be unpublished and not be submitted for publication
elsewhere.  Papers should be submitted electronically using EasyChair
via

https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=qest2023

Springer encourages authors to include their ORCIDs in their papers.
Authors should consult Springer's authors' guidelines and use
Springer's LaTeX templates for the preparation of their papers.
Submitted papers not complying with the above guidelines may be
rejected without undergoing review.

** Publications

All accepted papers will be presented and discussed at the conference
by one of the authors.  The QEST 2023 proceedings will be published in
the Springer LNCS series and indexed by ISI Web of Science, Scopus,
ACM Digital Library, dblp, Google Scholar.  All submitted papers will
be evaluated by at least three reviewers on the basis of their
originality, technical quality, scientific or practical contribution
to the state of the art, methodology, clarity, and adequacy of
references.

** Artifact Evaluation

The reproducibility of experimental results is crucial to foster an
atmosphere of trustworthy, open, and reusable research. To improve and
reward reproducibility, QEST 2023 includes a dedicated Artifact
Evaluation (AE). Submission of an artifact is mandatory for tool
papers (both regular and short), and optional but encouraged for
research papers where it can support the results presented in the
paper. Artifacts will be reviewed concurrently with the paper review
process, and accepted papers with a successfully evaluated artifact
will receive a badge to be shown on the published paper's title page.
Detailed guidelines for the preparation and submission of artifacts
are available on this page. Exceptions to the submission guidelines
may be granted by the PC chairs in cases where the tool cannot, in any
reasonable way, be run by the AE committee.

** Special Issues

A selection of the best papers (excluding work-in-progress papers)
will be invited to submit an extended version of their work to special
issues in the International Journal on Software Tools for Technology
Transfer (STTT) and in the Performance Evaluation (PEVA) journals.

** Committees

Program Chairs

Nils Jansen (The Netherlands)
Mirco Tribastone (Italy)

Artifact Evaluation Chairs

Tim Quatmann (Germany)
Carlos E. Budde (Italy)

Publicity Chair

David Safranek (Czech Republic)

Program Committee

tba
