December 18-20, 2023 at IIIT Hyderabad, India
Website: https://www.fsttcs.org.in/2023/

FSTTCS 2023 is the 43rd conference on Foundations of Software Technology and Theoretical Computer Science. It is organised by IARCS, the Indian Association for Research in Computing Science, in association with ACM India. It is a forum for presenting original results in foundational aspects of Computer Science and Software Technology.


IMPORTANT DATES (all dates are AoE)

Abstract Submission:    July 12, 2023

Paper Submission:        July 19, 2023

Notification:                 September 22, 2023

Camera Ready:            October 5, 2023

Conference:                 December 18-20, 2023

Workshops:                  TBA


PAPER SUBMISSION

Submissions must be in electronic form via EasyChair using the LIPIcs LaTeX style file available here. Submissions must not exceed 15 pages (excluding bibliography), but may include a clearly marked appendix containing technical details. The appendix will be read only at the discretion of the program committee. Simultaneous submissions to journals or other conferences with published proceedings are disallowed.

Accepted papers will be published as proceedings of the conference in the ​Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)​ as a free, open, electronic archive with access to all. Authors will retain full rights over their work. The accepted papers will be published under a ​CC-BY license​.

For an accepted paper to be included in the proceedings, one of the authors must commit to presenting the paper in person at the conference.


TOPICS
Track A

    Algebraic Complexity
    Algorithms and Data Structures
    Algorithmic Graph Theory and Combinatorics
    Approximation Algorithms
    Combinatorial Optimization
    Communication Complexity
    Computational Biology
    Computational Geometry
    Computational Learning Theory
    Cryptography and Security
    Data Streaming and Sublinear algorithms
    Economics and Computation
    Parallel, Distributed and Online Algorithms
    Parameterized Complexity
    Proof Complexity
    Quantum Computing
    Randomness in Computing
    Theoretical Aspects of Mobile and High-Performance Computing

Track B

    Automata, Games and Formal Languages
    Logic in Computer Science
    Modal and Temporal Logics
    Models of Concurrent, Distributed and Mobile Systems
    Models of Timed, Reactive, Hybrid and Stochastic and Quantum Systems
    Model Theory
    Principles and Semantics of Programming Languages
    Program Analysis and Transformation
    Security protocols
    Specification, Verification and Synthesis
    Theorem Proving and Decision Procedures


PROGRAM COMMITTEE
Track A

    Siddharth Barman (The Indian Institute of Science, Bengaluru, India)
    Arnab Bhattacharyya (National University of Singapore, Singapore)
    Parinya Chalermsook (Aalto University, Finland)
    Sivakanth Gopi (Microsoft Research Redmond, USA)
    Karthik C.S. (Rutgers University, USA)
    Venkata Koppula (IIT Delhi, India)
    Rucha Kulkarni (University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, USA)
    Mrinal Kumar (TIFR, Mumbai, India)
    Paloma Lima (IT University of Copenhagen, Denmark)
    Meena Mahajan (The Institute of Mathematical Sciences, Chennai, India)
    Nikhil Mande (University of Liverpool, UK)
    Neeldhara Misra (IIT Gandhinagar, India)
    Sagnik Mukhopadhyay (University of Sheffield, UK)
    Meghana Nasre (IIT Madras, India)
    Noga Ron-Zewi (University of Haifa, Israel)
    Chris Schwiegelshohn (University of Aarhus, Denmark)
    Srikanth Srinivasan (University of Aarhus, Denmark) – Track A chair

Track B

    Aiswarya C. (Chennai Mathematical Institute, India)
    Guy Avni (University of Haifa, Israel)
    Francesco Belardinelli (Imperial College, UK)
    Dietmar Berwanger (CNRS, LMF, France)
    Patricia Bouyer (CNRS, LMF France) – Track B chair
    Arnaud Carayol (Université Gustave Eiffel, LIGM, France)
    Supratik Chakraborty (IIT Bombay, India)
    Lorenzo Clemente (University of Warsaw, Poland)
    Ugo Dal Lago (Università di Bologna, Italy)
    P. Madhusudan (University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, USA)
    Pavithra Prabhakar (Kansas State University, USA)
    Prakash Saivasan (The Institute of Mathematical Science, Chennai, India)
    Abhisekh Sankaran (Tata Consultancy Services Research, Pune, India)
    B. Srivathsan (Chennai Mathematical Institute, India)
    Nathalie Sznajder (Sorbonne Université, LIP6, France)
    Tony Tan (National Taiwan University)


STEERING COMMITTEE

    Paul Gastin (LSV, ENS Paris-Saclay)

    Amit Kumar (Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi)

    S Krishna (Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay)

    G Ramalingam (Microsoft Research, Bangalore)

    Venkatesh Raman (The Institute of Mathematical Sciences, Chennai)

    Kavitha Telikepalli (Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Mumbai)
