Dear All

FSTTCS 2025 is the 45th conference on Foundations of Software Technology and Theoretical Computer Science. It is organized by IARCS, the Indian Association for Research in Computing Science, in association with ACM India. It is a forum for presenting original results in foundational aspects of Computer Science and Software Technology.

FSTTCS 2025 will be held in BITS Pilani, K K Birla Goa Campus during December 17–19, 2025. The conference is being organized as an in-person event.

Important Dates

    Abstract submission deadline: July 4, 2025 AoE
    Paper submission deadline: July 11, 2025 AoE
    Rebuttal: August 26–28, 2025
    Notification to authors: September 15, 2025
    Deadline for camera-ready papers: TBA
    Pre-conference workshop(s): December 15 – 16, 2025
    FSTTCS 2025: December 17 – 19, 2025
    Post-conference workshop(s): December 20, 2025

Submission link: https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=fsttcs2025

Submission Guidelines

Submissions must be in electronic form via EasyChair using the LIPIcs LaTeX style file available here. Submissions must not exceed 15 pages (excluding bibliography), but may include a clearly marked appendix containing technical details. The appendix will be read only at the discretion of the program committee. Simultaneous submissions to journals or other conferences with published proceedings are disallowed.

Reviewing for FSTTCS 2025 is double-blind. Hence, authors must make a reasonable effort to ensure that their identity is not easily revealed from the submission itself. Specifically, kindly replace your name and affiliation on the first page with the submission number and do not include any acknowledgements in your submission. Also, authors should cite their prior work in a neutral manner (i.e., instead of saying “We showed”, please write “XYZ et al. showed”). Submitting a paper that is available at a public preprint server (such as, arXiv) is admissible. In that case, please do not cite that version of your work in the submission itself. Submissions violating the page limit or the double-blind policy may face desk rejection.

Accepted papers will be published as proceedings of the conference in the Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs) as a free, open, electronic archive with access to all. Authors will retain full rights over their work. The accepted papers will be published under a CC-BY license. For an accepted paper to be included in the proceedings, one of the authors must commit to presenting the paper in person at the conference.
List of Topics
Track A

    Algebraic Complexity
    Algorithms and Data Structures
    Algorithmic Graph Theory and Combinatorics
    Approximation Algorithms
    Combinatorial Optimization
    Communication Complexity
    Computational Geometry
    Computational Learning Theory
    Cryptography and Security
    Data Streaming and Sublinear algorithms
    Economics and Computation
    Foundations of Machine Learning
    Parallel, Distributed and Online Algorithms
    Parameterized Complexity
    Proof Complexity
    Quantum Computing
    Randomness in Computing
    Theoretical Aspects of Computational Biology
    Theoretical Aspects of Mobile and High-Performance Computing

Track B

    Automata, Games and Formal Languages
    Formal Methods
    Logic in Computer Science
    Modal and Temporal Logics
    Models of Concurrent, Distributed and Mobile Systems
    Models of Timed, Reactive, Hybrid and Stochastic and Quantum Systems
    Model Theory
    Principles and Semantics of Programming Languages
    Program Analysis and Transformation
    SAT and SMT solving
    Security protocols
    Specification, Verification and Synthesis
    Theorem Proving and Decision Procedures

We particularly welcome papers in Programming Languages and Formal Methods for Track B.

If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us at: fsttcs2025.chairs@gmail.com
