8th Int. Workshop on
Applied Verification for Continuous and Hybrid Systems
IFAC Conference on Analysis and Design of Hybrid Systems, Brussels, Belgium, early July, 2021


The workshop on applied verification for continuous and hybrid systems (ARCH) brings together researchers and practitioners to establish a curated set of benchmarks and test them in a friendly competition.
Call for Submissions

Verification of continuous and hybrid systems is increasing in importance due to new cyber-physical systems that are safety- or operation-critical. This workshop addresses verification techniques for continuous and hybrid systems with a special focus on the transfer from theory to practice. Topics include, but are not limited to

    Proposals for new benchmark problems (not necessarily yet solvable)
    Tool presentations
    Tool executions and evaluations based on ARCH benchmarks
    Experience reports including open issues for industrial success
    Reports on results of our friendly competition (separate call)

Researchers are welcome to submit examples, tools and benchmarks that have already appeared in brief form, but whose details were omitted. The online benchmark repository allows researchers to include modeling details, parameters, simulation results, etc. Submissions are encouraged, but not required, to include executable data (models, configuration files, code etc.). It is not required to show that the benchmark has a solution; it suffices that the problem is described in enough detail that somebody else can try to solve it.
General Submission Guidelines

Submissions consist of papers (ideally 3-8 pages) and optional files (e.g. models or traces) submitted through the ARCH'21 EasyChair web site. ARCH21 will provide proceedings in the EasyChair EPiC series, indexed by DBLP. Detailed submission guidelines can be found here: submission instructions. Submissions receive at least 3 anonymous reviews, including one from industry and one from academia.

Benchmark papers: A zip archive with additional data (description details, model files, sample traces, code, known results, etc.) is to be submitted together with the extended abstract. Benchmarks can be academic or industrial, of small size or extensive case studies.
Evaluation Criteria for Benchmarks

While the review criteria for tool presentations, benchmark results, and experience reports are more general, benchmark proposals should address the following criteria:

    Relevance: How typical is the benchmark for its application domain or academic topic? How important (scientifically or practically) are the phenomena it exhibits? Does the benchmark correspond to an existing real-world system?
    Clarity: How easy is it to create a working model from the description? How clear is the specification of the properties to be verified?
    Verification advantages: Can verification show properties of the benchmark that are difficult to obtain using other approaches (stochastic simulation etc.)?

Call for Participation
The 5th International Competition on Verifying Continuous and Hybrid Systems (ARCH-COMP) will run as part of ARCH'21. ARCH-COMP is a friendly competition of scientific software (in the spirit of, e.g., SV-COMP) in the context of algorithmic verification of continuous and hybrid systems. The first goal of the competition is to provide a forum for observation: which methods are particularly suitable to which types of problems; which types of problems already have good solutions; etc. The second goal of the competition is to establish a consensus for comparing different software implementations in the context of verification, as such comparisons are routinely demanded by reviewers of scientific publications. The competition features the following categories:

- Piecewise Constant Dynamics
- Piecewise Affine Dynamics
- Nonlinear Dynamics
- Bounded model checking
- Falsification
- Stochastic Models
- Hybrid Programs
- AI Models.
More details and the full call for participation can be found here. 

Join by email to: arch21@easychair.org. The deadline is March 31, 2021. 
Prize

The tool with the most promising results in ARCH-COMP receives a prize of 500 Euros. The winner is determined by an audience voting. 
Important Dates
Submission deadline 	April 30, 2021
Notification of acceptance 	May 31, 2021
Final version 	June 18, 2021
Workshop 	early July, 2021

 
PDF-Version of the Call

There is a pdf of the call (reduced content to make it fit on a single page).
Organizers
Program chairs: 	Goran Frehse, ENSTA-ParisTech, France
  	Matthias Althoff, Technical University of Munich, Germany
Publicity chair: 	Sergiy Bogomolov, Newcastle University, UK
Evaluation chair: 	Taylor T. Johnson, Vanderbilt University, USA

 
Program Committee (tentative)
Academia 	Industry
Stanley Bak (Air Force Research Lab) 	Olivier Bouissou (MathWorks)
Xin Chen (University of Dayton) 	Aaron Fifarek (Linquest)
Sicun Gao (University of California) 	Jens Oehlerking (Bosch)
Stefan Mitsch (Carnegie Mellon University) 	Luca Parolini (BMW)
Aditya Zutshi (UC Boulder) 	Alessandro Pinto (United Technologies)
