Dear Colleagues,
we kindly invite you to the 14th Workshop on Discrete Event Systems that will be held
at Towers Hotel Stabiae Sorrento Coast, Sorrento Coast, Italy, from May 30 to June 1, 2018.

The final deadline is December 15, 2017. This is a firm deadline and there will be no further extension.
An updated list of special session proposals is available on the conference web site.

To facilitate the review process, authors of application oriented papers are invited to select the keyword “Application” (with the highest priority) during the submission process, regardless of whether they choose to submit the paper in the Regular paper category, or to the special session "Applications of Discrete Event Systems" (code: thump) or in the Demonstrator paper category.


CONFERENCE SCOPE
The interdisciplinary field of Discrete Event Systems (DES) combines different formalisms, methodologies and tools from control, computer science
and operations research. The research activity in this field is driven by the needs of many different applications domains: manufacturing, process control,
supervisory systems, software engineering, transportation, etc.

The 14th Workshop on Discrete Event Systems (WODES’18) aims at providing researchers from different fields
(control theoreticians and control engineers, software engineers and computer scientists, operations research specialists) with an opportunity
to exchange information and new ideas, and to discuss new developments in the field of DES theory and applications.
The workshop will cover all topics in DES theory and applications, including (but not limited to) the following:

* Formalisms and modeling methodologies: Petri nets, automata, state-charts, process algebras, max-plus algebra, queuing network
* Control of discrete-event systems with emphasis on supervisory control and on real time control;
* Performance evaluation, optimization and scheduling;
* Diagnosis, fault detection, test, identification;
* Discrete approaches for hybrid systems;
* Event-driven methods in systems and control;
* Applications including manufacturing systems, transportation systems, power production, distributed systems, software engineering, home automation, workflow, telecommunication systems, biological systems;
* Automation methods and software tools enabling efficient handling of industrial-sized systems.

Conference web-site: http://wodes2018.unisa.it/

SPONSOR
Sponsored by IFAC TC on Discrete Event and Hybrid Systems.
Co-Sponsored by IFAC TC Computers for Control, TC on Manufacturing Plant Control and TC on Fault Detection,Supervision & Safety of Techn.Processes-SAFEPROCESS
Co-Sponsored by IEEE Control System Society, IEEE Italy Section, Italian Chapter IEEE Robotics and Automation, Italian Chapter IEEE Control Systems

VENUE
WODES 2018 will be held at Towers Hotel Stabiae Sorrento Coast, a modern four-star hotel located
between the magnificent Gulf of Naples and the famous rocks of the Sorrento Peninsula. Its strategic location
places the hotel in the center of the most enchanting touristic itineraries of the Campania region
including the Amalfi Coast, Sorrento, Capri, Pompeii and Herculaneum.

Hotel web-site: https://www.towershotelsorrento.com/en/

IMPORTANT DATES
Special Session Proposals - November 15, 2017
Paper submission - December 15, 2017
Acceptance Notification - February 28, 2018
Final Submission - March 15, 2018

ORGANIZING COMMITEE MEMBERS
Francesco Basile (General Chair), University of Salerno, Italy
Chris Hadjicostis, University of Cyprus, Cyprus
Jan Komenda, Czech Ac. of Sciences, Czech Rep

WODES STEERING COMMITEE
Francesco Basile, Italy
Xiren Cao, China
Christos G. Cassandras, USA
Stephane Lafortune, USA
Maria Pia Fanti, Italy
Jean-Jacques Lesage, France
Jörg Raisch  Germany (Chair)
Antonio Ramírez Treviño, Mexico
Zhiwu Li, China

NATIONAL PROGRAM COMMITEE
Francesco Basile (NOC Chair), University of Salerno, Italy
Pasquale Chiacchio, University of Salerno, Italy
Alessandro Marino, University of Salerno, Italy
Enrico Ferrentino, University of Salerno, Italy
Emiliano di Marino, University of Salerno, Italy

EDITOR
Gianmaria De Tommasi,  University of Napoli, Italy

Paper Submission and Publication
Prospective participants are invited to electronically submit regular papers following the instructions on the Submission page.
The presented papers will be further screened for possible publications in international journals.
Submission site: http://ifac.papercept.net/conferences/scripts/start.pl following the link "Submit a contribution to WODES 2018".

Special Session
The format of special sessions consists of 4 to 6 presentations and allows a panel discussion led by the session chair(s),
to motivate the exchange of opinions among presenters and participants. Special sessions papers will follow the reviewing process of regular papers.

Demonstrator paper
Among the innovative features of the 14th Workshop on Discrete Event Systems (WODES2018), contributions are most welcome
to the special demonstrator paper category associated to an exhibition of demonstrators.
The goal of these papers’ category is to promote research or educational-oriented devices, innovative prototypes and attractive transfer
of technologies towards high-tech enterprise.

Demonstrator papers are regular papers that will be selected on the same high peer-review standards as other regular papers and are intended
to promote the excellence of colleagues involved in practical implementation of state-of-the-art control concepts in Discrete Event Systems.
The exhibition will highlight the future applicative trends in the DES area.
Demonstrator papers will be presented either at interactive sessions (for video or software demonstrators) or during one day within
the demonstrators’ exhibition. Interactive sessions will take place during 2 hour session slots.

Note: Please accept our apologies if you receive multiple copies of this call for papers.

IFAC Copyright Conditions: https://www.ifac-control.org/publications/copyright-conditions

-- 
Francesco Basile, PhD 
Associate Professor of Automatic Control
Università degli Studi di Salerno 
D.I.E.M.
Dipartimento di Ingegneria dell'informazione ed elettrica e matematica applicata
Via Giovanni Paolo II, 132 
84084 Fisciano (SA) 
ITALY              
     
Tel. +39-089-96-4400
Fax. +39-06-233 227 957 
fbasile@unisa.it
http://www.automatica.unisa.it/ 
