        International Symposium on Formal Methods
                9-13 September 2024
          Politecnico di Milano, Milan, Italy
             https://www.fm24.polimi.it
                Twitter/X : @FMsymp


FIRST CALL FOR PAPERS

FM 2024 is the 26th international symposium on Formal Methods in a
series organized by Formal Methods Europe (FME), an independent
association whose aim is to stimulate the use of, and research on,
formal methods for software development. The FM symposia have been
successful in bringing together researchers and industrial users around
a program of original papers on research and industrial experience,
workshops, tutorials, reports on tools, projects, and ongoing doctoral
research. FM 2024 will be both an occasion to celebrate and a platform
for enthusiastic researchers and practitioners from a diversity of
backgrounds to exchange their ideas and share their experiences.


IMPORTANT DATES

Abstract Submission:   April 15th, 2024
Full Paper Submission: April 19th, 2024
Paper Notification:    June 10th, 2024
Final Version:         July 1st, 2024
Conference: September 9th – 13th, 2024


TOPICS OF INTEREST

FM 2024 will highlight the development and application of formal methods
in a wide range of domains including trustworthy AI, software,
computer-based systems, systems-of-systems, cyber-physical systems,
security, human-computer interaction, manufacturing, sustainability,
energy, transport, smart cities, healthcare and biology. We particularly
welcome papers on techniques, tools, and experiences in
interdisciplinary settings. We also welcome papers on experiences of
applying formal methods in industrial settings, and on the design and
validation of formal method tools.

The topics of interest for FM 2024 include, but are not limited to:

Interdisciplinary formal methods:
Techniques, tools, and experiences demonstrating the use of formal
methods in interdisciplinary settings. Formal methods in practice
include: industrial applications of formal methods, experience with
formal methods in industry, tool usage reports, experiments with
challenge problems. The authors are encouraged to explain how formal
methods overcame problems, led to improved designs, or provided new
insights.

Tools for formal methods:
Advances in automated verification, model checking, and testing with
formal methods, tools integration, environments for formal methods, and
experimental validation of tools. The authors are encouraged to
demonstrate empirically that the new tool or environment advances the
state of the art.
Formal methods in software and systems engineering: Development
processes with formal methods, usage guidelines for formal methods, and
method integration. The authors are encouraged to evaluate process
innovations with respect to qualitative or quantitative improvements.
Empirical studies and evaluations are also solicited.

Theoretical foundations of formal methods:
All aspects of theory related to specification, verification,
refinement, and static and dynamic analysis. The authors are encouraged
to explain how their results contribute to the solution of practical
problems with formal methods or tools.

Embedded Systems Track:
FM 2024 will feature a special track on Embedded Systems organized in
collaboration with ACM SIGBED. This track will focus on theories,
methods, and tools that are formal in nature and applied in the
embedded, real-time, and cyber-physical systems.
We are particularly interested in submissions that apply formal methods
on autonomous systems, including AI- and non-AI-based perception,
decision, and control algorithms, compilers, middleware, operating
systems, virtual machines, communication protocols, and hardware.
Example application domains are increasingly automated vehicles, robots,
and drones.



We solicit various categories of papers
- Regular Papers (max 15 pages)
- Long tool papers (max 15 pages)
- Case study papers (max 15 pages)
- Tool demonstration papers (max 6 pages)
- Tutorial papers (max 22 pages)

All page limits are in LNCS format and do not include references and
appendices.

For all papers, an appendix can provide additional material such as
details on proofs or experiments. The appendix is not part of the page
count and is not guaranteed to be read or taken into account by the
reviewers. Thus, it should not contain information necessary for the
understanding and evaluation of the presented work. Papers will be
accepted or rejected in the category in which they were submitted and
will not be moved between categories.
At least one author of an accepted paper is expected to present the
paper at the conference as a registered participant.


SOLICITING: TUTORIAL PAPERS

Tutorial papers present ideas with a focus on pedagogy over technical
innovation. By being written in a broadly-accessible way, a tutorial
will clarify important ideas, bring new researchers into the community,
and serve as a bridge to practitioners. A good tutorial paper is not
expected to have any technical innovation at all. Instead, we will
evaluate it on its pedagogy: Is it crisp and clear? Is it readable? Does
it help build good intuitions? Is it comfortable to follow? Will it help
useful ideas reach a much broader audience?

While tutorials about tools are a canonical fit, tutorials about
techniques are also welcome. Prospective authors who want to suggest
tutorials of other kinds are welcome to contact the chairs to get
guidance. In general, we are very open-minded about what tutorials are
about, provided they are about topics of interest to the formal methods
community.

Tutorial papers can be at most 22 pages in LNCS format. There is no
minimum length; the tutorial should be as long as necessary to be
effective, but should avoid filler. Tools should include links and
descriptions of how to run them. Papers are welcome to include an
appendix, which reviewers will read at their discretion. (We understand
that detailed screen-shots, tool descriptions, etc., are best relegated
to an appendix, and reviewers will make a good-faith effort to examine
these.) Authors of a paper need not be the creators of the technical
concepts it describes. The paper must provide clear references to the
original technical content. The presentation must be novel relative to
the published literature.

Accepted papers will be published in the conference proceedings. Authors
of accepted papers will be given a presentation slot in the tutorials
period preceding the main conference. The tutorial paper submission
should specify the desired length of the presentation, which can be a
half or full day. They will also be invited (but are not required) to
give a five-minute presentation during the main conference, to give
their tutorial wider notice.

Authors can also request a tutorial presentation slot without an
accompanying paper by submitting a short tutorial proposal instead.
Priority will be given, however, to tutorials accompanied by full
tutorial papers.





ORGANIZERS:

* General Chairs:

Matteo Pradella
Matteo Rossi

* PC Chairs:

André Platzer
Kristin-Yvonne Rozier

* Embedded Systems Track Chairs:

Wanli Chang
Alessandro Cimatti

* Tutorial Papers Chairs:

Shriram Krishnamurthi
Luigia Petre

* Industry Day Chairs:

Oksana Tkachuk
Tim Willemse


(partial) List of PC Members:

Erika Abraham	RWTH Aachen University, Germany
Dalal Alrajeh	Imperial College London, UK
Luis Soares Barbosa	University of Minho, Portugal
Gilles Barthe	Max Planck Institute for Security and Privacy, Germany
Dirk Beyer	LMU Munich, Germany
Pablo Castro	Universidad Nacional de Rio Cuarto, Argentina
Ana Cavalcanti	University of York, UK
Milan Česka	Brno University of Technology, Czech Republic
Marsha Chechik	University of Toronto, Canada
Alessandro Cimatti	Fondazione Bruno Kessler, Italy
Alexandre Duret-Lutz	EPITA’s Research Lab (LRDE), France
Marie Farrell	The University of Manchester, UK
Arie Gurfinkel	University of Waterloo, Canada
Anne E. Haxthausen	Technical University of Denmark, Denmark
Marieke Huisman	University of Twente, Netherlands
Reiner Hähnle	TU Darmstadt, Germany
Peter Höfner	Australian National University, Australia
Einar Broch Johnsen	University of Oslo, Norway
Joost-Pieter Katoen	RWTH Aachen University, Germany
Peter Lammich	University of Twente, Netherlands
Martin Leucker	University of Luebeck, Germany
Mieke Massink	CNR-ISTI, Italy
Anastasia Mavridou	SGT Inc. / NASA Ames Research Center, USA
Annabelle McIver	Macquarie University, Australia
Claudio Menghi	University of Bergamo, Italy
Stefan Mitsch	Carnegie Mellon University, USA
Zvonimir Rakamaric	Amazon Web Services (AWS), USA
Philipp Rümmer	University of Regensburg, Germany
Cristina Seceleanu	Mälardalen University, Sweden
Jun Sun	Singapore Management University, Singapore
Stefano Tonetta	Fondazione Bruno Kessler, Italy
Virginie Wiels	ONERA / DTIS, France
Huan Xu	University of Maryland, USA
Naijun Zhan	Chinese Academy of Sciences, China
Shufang Zhu	University of Oxford, UK
