CALL FOR PAPERS
---------------------------

26th Asia-Pacific Software Engineering Conference (APSEC 2019)
Putrajaya, Malaysia, 2-5 December 2019

Website: https://seminar.utmspace.edu.my/apsec2019/
Submission Link: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=apsec2019
Submission Due: 12 July 2019


The Asia-Pacific Software Engineering Conference (APSEC) has long been
established as a premier regional conference that brings together
researchers and practitioners from academia, industry, and government to
share the state of the art and the practice of software engineering, and to
explore emerging challenges and solutions in software engineering
innovation. APSEC 2019 will continue in the tradition of previous editions
of this regional conference to be organized by Malaysian Software
Engineering Interest Group (MySEIG) for the second time in Malaysia after
the 16th APSEC 2009 in Penang Island, Malaysia. As past APSEC series, the
main research track features the most recent and significant innovations in
the field of software engineering and all its sub-disciplines. We invite
submissions of high-quality research papers that describe original and
unpublished results on all topics of both theoretical and empirical
software engineering research.

APSEC 2019 will offer an extensive program of interest to academia,
government, and industry. It will include several distinguished keynote
speakers and conference days of paper presentations, panels, and demos. A
series of exciting tutorials to develop skills in various aspects of
software engineering practices is of particular interest to industry.
Co-located workshops as well as Software Engineering Postgraduates Workshop
(SEPoW) offer forums for participants to present novel techniques and
methods in particular sub-disciplines of software engineering.

APSEC 2019 aims to explore the impact of software engineering research
towards the community with the theme “Engineering Impactful Software for
the Society towards IR4.0”. Indeed, there is a need to create or innovate
not only new techniques, approaches or methodologies in software
engineering research and practice but also to measure their impact to the
society who should gain the benefits from the innovations. Challenges in
software engineering should also include how to realize the needs in
creating software applications that also meet the fourth industrial
revolution or IR4.0 where the symbiosis of human and technology is expected.


Important Dates
--------------------
The important dates for the technical research papers are as below and
subject to changes:
Full Paper Submission: 12 July 2019
Notification: 12 September 2019
Camera Ready: 2 October 2019

Topics of Interest
----------------------
Topics related to all aspects of software engineering that include, but are
not limited to:
Agile methodologies
Cloud and Service-oriented Computing
Component-based Software Engineering
Configuration Management and Deployment
Cooperative, Distributed, and Global Software Engineering
Cyber-physical Systems and Internet of Things
Debugging, Defect Prediction and Fault Localization
DevOps and Container
Embedded Real-time Systems
Empirical Software Engineering
Formal Methods
Human Factors and Social Aspects of Software Engineering
Middleware, Frameworks, and APIs
Mobile and Ubiquitous Systems
Model-driven and Domain-specific Engineering
Open Source Development
Parallel, Distributed, and Concurrent Systems
Programming Languages and Systems
Refactoring
Requirements Engineering
Reverse Engineering
Search-based Software Engineering
Security, Reliability, and Privacy
Software Architecture, Modelling and Design
Software Comprehension, Visualization, and Traceability
Software Engineering Education
Software Engineering Process and Standards
Software Engineering for Smart Manufacturing
Software Engineering Tools and Environments
Software for Green and Sustainable Technologies
Software Maintenance and Evolution
Software Product-line Engineering
Software Project Management
Software Reuse
Software Repository Mining and Data Analytics
Testing, Verification, and Validation
Web-based Software Engineering

For more details on conference paper submission, contact:

Programme Chairs
Prof. Dr. Zhi Chin, Peking University, China
Assoc. Prof. Dr. Shahida Sulaiman, Universiti Teknologi Malaysia
E-mail to: apsec2019@gmail.com and CC to:  shahidasulaiman@utm.my
