                                  PNSE'18
        International Workshop on Petri Nets and Software Engineering

                     Bratislava, Slovakia, June 25-26, 2018

             a satellite event of Petri Nets 2018 and ACSD 2018

                       39th INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON
             APPLICATION AND THEORY OF PETRI NETS AND CONCURRENCY
                                     and
                       18th INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON
                 APPLICATION OF CONCURRENCY TO SYSTEM DESIGN

         More information: http://interes.institute/petrinets2018/
          http://www.informatik.uni-hamburg.de/TGI/events/pnse18/
              Contact e-mail: pnse18@informatik.uni-hamburg.de


                              Important Dates:
           Deadline for Abstracts (full/short): March 30, 2018
           Deadline for full papers:            April  5, 2018
           Deadline for short papers:           April 15, 2018
           Notification of paper acceptance:    May    4, 2018
           Deadline for posters:                May    7, 2018
           Notification of poster acceptance:   May    8, 2018
           Deadline for final revisions:        May   10, 2018



                                    Scope


For the successful realization of complex systems of interacting and
reactive software and hardware components the use of a precise language at
different stages of the development process is of crucial importance.
Petri nets are becoming increasingly popular in this area, as they provide
a uniform language supporting the tasks of modeling, validation, and
verification. Their popularity is due to the fact that Petri nets capture
fundamental aspects of causality, concurrency and choice in a natural and
mathematically precise way without compromising readability.
At PNSE’18, submissions concerning Petri nets (P/T-nets, colored Petri nets
and extensions) and their use in the software engineering process, covering
modeling, validation,  verification, and code generation are welcome. This
includes theory and concepts as well as their application and supporting tools.
This year, we will put an emphasize on the impact of software engineering on
Petri nets by their concepts, methods, techniques and tools. Therefore we
invite contributions that work on subjects that could(!) be relevant for
Petri nets, their applications or their tools. Results on other formalisms
or semi-formal techniques, their concepts, methods, tools and experiences
(successful or not successful) are highly welcome.

                                    Topics
We welcome contributions describing original research in topics related to
Petri nets in combination with software engineering, addressing open problems
or presenting new ideas regarding the relation of Petri nets and software
engineering. Furthermore, we look for surveys addressing open problems and new
applications of Petri nets and for Petri nets.
As mentioned above: Any kind of insights and results in the area of software
engineering that might be relevant for Petri nets are especially invited.
The authors should then have one section on how they think what Petri nets
could gain from their contribution.
Topics of interest include but are not limited to:

  Software Engineering
    agile development
    product lines
    software in business contexts
    software development and production environments; DevOps; IDEs; continuous integration
    programming and concurrency
    technologies: hadoop / MapReduce; akka, Spark; Flink; STORM etc.
    distributed database technology: redis; cassandra; CouchDB; mongoDB etc.
    concepts for mobility, concurrency, non-determinism, distribution, embedding, flexibility
    social concepts for norms, rules, contracts, communication, co-ordination, co-operation
    software engineering addressing Petri nets, UML techniques, BPMN, BPEL, eEPCs, CMMN and other modeling techniques
  Modeling
    representation of formal models by intuitive modeling concepts
    guidelines for the construction of system models
    representative examples
    process-, service-, state-, event-, component-, organization-, object-, agent- and actor-oriented approaches
    adaption, integration, and enhancement of concepts from other disciplines
    views and abstractions of systems
    meta-modeling and domain specific languages (DSLs)
    model-driven architecture
    modeling software landscapes
    web service-based software development
  Validation and Execution
    prototyping
    simulation, observation, animation
    code generation and execution
    testing and debugging
    efficient implementation
  Verification
    structural methods (e.g. place invariants, reduction rules)
    results for structural subclasses of nets
    relations between structure and behavior
    state space based approaches
    efficient model checking
    assertional and deductive methods (e.g. temporal logics)
    process algebraic methods
    model and graph transformation
    applications of category theory, rewriting logic and linear logic
  Application of Petri nets and Software Engineering, in particular in the domains of
    education, training and teaching at any level,
    flexible manufacturing,
    logistics,
    telecommunication,
    big data,
    cyber-physical systems,
    internet-of-things,
    grid and cloud computing,
    distributed systems,
    workflow management and
    embedded systems.
  Tools in the fields mentioned above


                               Submissions

The program committee invites submissions of full contributions
(15 (up to 20) pages) or short contributions (5 (up to 8) pages).
Ongoing work (up to 2 pages) can also be presented in a special poster session.

Papers should be submitted in electronic form (PDF) using the Springer LNCS-format
(see http://www.springer.de/comp/lncs/authors.html). Submissions should include
title, authors' addresses, E-mail addresses, keywords and an abstract. For your
submission in PDF format please use the online conference management system at

      https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=pnse2018

Just create a new account and then upload your paper. (Later you will be able to
see your reviews there.)
The papers will be peer reviewed by at least three members of the PC. Accepted
contributions will be included in the workshop proceedings, which will be available
at the workshop and published online.
In case of any problems please contact us by email at

      pnse18_at_informatik_dot_uni-hamburg_dot_de.

Some of the best papers from the workshop will be invited for
publication in a volume of the journal sub-line of Lecture Notes in
Computer Science entitled "Transactions on Petri Nets and Other Models
of Concurrency" (ToPNoC). The papers are expected to be thoroughly
revised and they will go through a totally new round of reviewing as is
standard practice for journal papers.
Papers from all previous instances of this workshop made it into
ToPNoC volumes in the Springer LNCS series.
