CFP, International Workshop on Petri Nets and Software Engineering, PNSE’23

Call for Papers

	International Workshop on Petri Nets and Software Engineering
	PNSE’23, Lisbon, Portugal, June 25-26, 2023
	http://www.pnse.de

	PNSE’23 is a satellite event of PETRI NETS’23
	https://petrinets2023.deec.fct.unl.pt


                                  Scope

For the successful realisation of complex systems of interacting and
reactive software and hardware components the use of a precise language at
different stages of the development process is of crucial importance.

Petri nets are becoming increasingly popular in this area, as they provide
a uniform language supporting the tasks of modelling, validation, and
verification.

We welcome contributions describing original research in topics related to
Petri nets in combination with software engineering, addressing open problems
or presenting new ideas regarding the relation of Petri nets and software
engineering. Furthermore, we look for surveys addressing open problems and new
applications of Petri nets and for Petri nets.



                            Important Dates:

Abstracts (full/short: optional):	March 15th,	2023
Deadline for full papers:			March 22nd,	2023
Deadline for short papers:		March 22nd,	2023
Notification of paper acceptance:	May	5th,		2023
Deadline for posters: 			May	8th,		2023
Notification of poster acceptance:	May	12th,	2023
Deadline for final revisions:		May	15th,	2023






                                  Topics

Topics of interest include but are not limited to:

Software Engineering
  agile development
  product lines
  software in business contexts
  software development and production environments; DevOps; IDEs; continuous integration
  programming and concurrency
  technologies: hadoop / MapReduce; akka, Spark; Flink; STORM etc.
  distributed database technology: redis; cassandra; CouchDB; mongoDB etc.
  concepts for mobility, concurrency, non-determinism, distribution, embedding, flexibility
  social concepts for norms, rules, contracts, communication, co-ordination, co-operation
  software engineering addressing Petri nets, UML techniques, BPMN, BPEL, eEPCs, CMMN and other modelling techniques

Modelling
  representation of formal models by intuitive modelling concepts
  guidelines for the construction of system models
  adaption, integration, and enhancement of concepts from other disciplines
  views and abstractions of systems
  meta-modelling and domain specific languages (DSLs)
  model-driven architecture
  modelling software landscapes
  web service-based software development

Validation and Execution
  prototyping
  simulation, observation, animation
  code generation and execution
  testing and debugging
  efficient implementation

Verification
  structural methods (e.g. place invariants, reduction rules)
  results for structural subclasses of nets
  state space based approaches
  efficient model checking
  assertional and deductive methods (e.g. temporal logics)
  process algebraic methods
  model and graph transformation
  applications of category theory, rewriting logic and linear logic

Application of Petri nets and Software Engineering, in particular in the domains of …
  education, training and teaching at any level,
  flexible manufacturing,
  logistics,
  telecommunication,
  big data,
  cyber-physical systems,
  internet-of-things,
  grid and cloud computing,
  distributed systems,
  workflow management and
  embedded systems.

Tools in the fields mentioned above



                             Submissions

The program committee invites submissions of full contributions (up to
20 pages excluding references) or short contributions (5 - 8 pages
excluding references). Ongoing work (up to 3 pages including
references) can be presented in a special poster session.

Papers should be submitted in electronic form (PDF) using the CEUR latex style:

	http://ceur-ws.org/Vol-XXX/CEURART.zip

Submissions should include title, authors' addresses, E-mail
addresses, keywords and an abstract. For your submission please use
the online conference management system at

https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=pnse23

The papers will be peer reviewed. Accepted contributions will be
included in the workshop proceedings, which will be available at the
workshop and published online.

The best papers from the workshop will be invited for publication in a volume of the
journal sub-line of Lecture Notes in Computer Science entitled "Transactions on
Petri Nets and Other Models of Concurrency" (ToPNoC). The papers are expected
to be thoroughly revised and they will go through a totally new round of reviewing
as is standard practice for journal papers.




			PC Chairs

Michael Köhler-Bußmeier, University of Applied Science Hamburg, Germany
Daniel Moldt, University of Hamburg, Germany
Heiko Rölke, FH Graubünden, Austria


In case of any problems please contact us by email: pnse23@easychair.org
